

   “Bastian,” she said with a start.

   When she finally noticed him, he approached her. His stride was leisurely, as if savouring a pleasant Sunday walk. He halted mere steps from away and greeted her with a courteous bow. The glimmer of his badges and medals twinkled in her eyes.

   Barely able to hold herself together, Odette attempted a greeting of equal courtesy. She felt a wash of embarrassment come over her, but she held up all the more calmly because of it.

   “I thought you were heading to the palace, for an audience with the Emperor.” Odette forced a kind smile to her lips. “I’m glad that the deal went smoothly for you, Bastian.”

   The two figures faced each other in the golden glow of the sun, their eyes locked onto one another. Odette was poised, not wanting to end the marriage in a miserable and pitiful way. She wanted to be remembered as the brazen woman who had stood her ground until the last.

   “Thank you for everything, Bastian and… I’m sorry.”

   After everything, the whirlwind of thoughts boiled down to one simple, cliched little statement.


With her self-blame wiped away, Odette looked at Bastian

"Now, please tell me your decision. I will follow it."



Bastian looked up at the clock as the faint sound of its chime drew his attention. Four o’clock. The time had come to wrap up the settlement. Though his eyes cast over the warm and aromatic roses, they returned to Odette standing before him.

   She may have bowed to him politely and showed reverence in the face of her judgement, but he knew that it was all just an act. She was nothing shy of extremely arrogant. 

She had prepared everything to send away Tira Byller. 

The actions reported by his private detective far exceeded his expectations. He was far more expecting to hear that she had been frolicking with that vagabond Xanders.

   She had sacrificed herself for the sake of her family, betraying her family for her family. For her, family was life, even at the cost of her own, she would do anything to secure their well-being. As admirable as it was, Bastian could not forget about her vicious backstabbing.

   “Bastian?” Odette said in surprise. Bastian hadn’t realised it, but the thought of her betrayal made him sneer menacingly.

   Bastian looked past her faux innocence and caught sight of a picture hanging just behind her. It was nothing more than propaganda from the naval festival, capturing a moment of sweet deception. Now he understood. She had changed, seeming like the woman in the photo, but with a softer touch and slimmer figure.

   When he realised that all traces of the young girl had faded, he could see how immature past Odette had really been. He recognised his own foolishness for being deceived by the young girl. 

His gaze grew deeper and calmer, drifting to the silk blue dress and the woman's pale, prayer-like hands.  Memories of her fingers playing a melodic tune flooded his mind. The moonlight, the piano, and his naive hope that the moment would last forever.

   I hate you. 

Bastian wanted to admit the truth hidden in his heart. He had tried so many times to erase it, but it was like a name engraved on a tombstone and he knew it. 

He wanted it to end.

He wanted to trample this woman,

He wanted to hurt her like she had hurt him.

He wanted to break her, wanted her to fall at his feet and cry out for mercy.

   Facing that dark desire, Bastian felt like he understood. He wanted to inflict terrible pain on this woman, a price that needs to be paid for the pain given to him. The fact that he had only just come to terms with such desire was easy.

   “It’s better to save the heartbreaking goodbyes for later, after all, you are going to need some time to come to terms with my decision.” Bastian smiled as he took one final step closer.

   Odette could feel the primal threat in the words and instinctively faltered back, but Bastian only moved in closer. 

One step, then another.

Their slow and relentless chase was coming to its inevitable end.

   Odette screamed as she tumbled to the floor, tripping on the hem of her dress.

   “Be careful, it wouldn’t be very good if you were to get hurt before you were able to repay your debt.” Bastian held out a hand.

   That woman struggled like a trapped bird in a snare, pulling herself up off the floor. Bastian got a whiff of her sweet scent and was reminded of the time she stood alone under the shower.

"Ah…!”

   Odette let out a soft moan as she pushed Bastian out of the way and got herself up off the floor. It was only after they locked eyes again, when she stood before him, did she realise what was happening.

   She tried to escape, but his large, firm hands were clasped around her face and he looked at her like a ravenous beast. All Odette could do was stand there, subdued, with only enough strength to fight back the tears.

   “Bear my child.”

    Finally, his decision was passed, echoing in what seemed like an eternally silent space. The room fell into a deep silence as Odette looked into Bastian’s smiling eyes. 

   “W-what…?”

   “What more could I ask of you? You are a woman of impeccable bloodline, so, use that too repay your debt, a child with royal blood should be satisfactory payment.”

   “No, I would rather go to jail!” Odette shouted.

   “I don’t want to do that.”

   “Why, why this? You could fabricate any lie to send me to prison without ever producing any evidence.”

   “That is true, but what do I have to gain from that? I have thought long and hard about it and this is my decision.”

   With a polite smile, Bastian lifted Odette’s chin so that they were staring at each other again. He could see fear and tears in her eyes. Her cheeks were flushed and her lips tremble. He found her current demeanour much more appealing than when she pretended to be a saint.

   “Don’t worry, though, you wont be the mother of my child,” Bastian said, letting her face bow once more. “You will be divorced just as soon as the child is born and you will never see them for your whole life. The child will grow up as mine and Sandrine’s.” His hand, sliding down her stiff neck, had reached the front of her dress.

   “You…you can’t do this to me,” Odette tried to shout, but her voice was a cracked whisper.

   “Oh sure, it might be a bit bothersome at first, but you have left me with no choice. Your father is dead and you’ve sent your dear sister away, abandoned. Now you have no family left, so, we have to create a new one.”

Bear my child. And leave that child behind.

   Everything passed in a blur of motion and noise to Odette. She struggled to come to terms with what Bastian was saying. She felt like she had lost her mind. It felt like she was living a nightmare and she would will herself awake, if she didn’t already know she was awake.

   “You ruined what was most precious to me, so it's only fair I return the favour, don’t you think?”

Suddenly, Odette felt her dress strap being pulled, accompanied by the sound of her shirt button being torn off. The sensation was too real to be dismissed as a mere dream.

Chapter 109.
Lossless Calculation.








Odette had done her best to resist, but in the end, she couldn’t overcome Bastian’s strength. He had ripped her dress from her body, not giving her a chance to fight. 

His vile touch grasping at her underwear made her skin shrivel up, even through his gloves.

   Caught in the terror, Odette resisted wildly like a cornered animal. Bastian respected her efforts by backing off a little, but only to attack her again with different tactics.  The determination to inflict as much damage as possible was admirable, but in the end, she was no match for Bastian.

   Bastian enjoyed toying with Odette a little too much and became curious about what she would do if given enough slack. As expected, Odette seized the opportunity.

   “I wonder if poor Nick Becker knows he is marrying the sister of a murderer,” Bastian said, towering over the retreating woman.

   Odette halted in her shuffling toward the door, she was frozen and couldn’t take another step. Even this was not going against Bastian’s predictions.

   “Is he not the father of the child Tira carries? The youngest son to a family of well respected carpenters, who own a lumber-yard outside the city? But that’s just what I heard.”

   Bastian already knew everything.

   Odette gasped for breath, all too aware of the footsteps coming for her.

   “His parents were quite displeased with the fact that their youngest son’s wife was the illegitimate daughter of Duke Dyssen. Yet, they had no choice but to accept it because of the child already in the womb. I wonder what they would do if they found out that the sister of their daughter-in-law had tried to kill her father.”

   “Are you threatening me now?” Odette said through sobs.

   “It's more like advice, really,” Bastian said calmly. “It doesn’t bother me either way, I’ll achieve my goals and it's up to you how much you sacrifice. Though come to think of it, it might be better to have Tira Byller break it off, cast your little family down into yet more ruin.”

   “Please, don’t involve Tira.”

   “That’s entirely up to you.”

   Bastian gave Odette a vile look of desire. The heat under her skin prickled to a beauty pink pleasing to Bastian’s eyes. Above all, he wanted to see her wracked with pain.

   The fact that, when pushed to the edge of the cliff, she still would not abandon her family was very satisfying to him. The pain of losing her first child would be all the sweeter in the moment.

   “Go ahead, if you want,” Bastian said, taking a step back from Odette. “It would really do me a favour if you ran, it would give me an excuse to ruin what’s left of your family.”

   “Are you really going to ruin your life for a woman you despise?” Odette said.

   “You seem to misunderstand something. I have nothing to lose. I will pay back as much as I am owed and on top of that, I will gain a child with blood as royal as the emperors. What loss is there for me?”

   “How can you even think of using a child like that? You, of all people, I would have thought would understand what it’s like for a child to lose their mother.”

   “Ah, yes, don’t worry, the child will never know Sandrine is not their biological mother. They will grow up just fine, I did.”

   “You grew up fine? You?”

   “Well, as you can see,” Bastian said, with a tranquil smile.

   Odette swayed as if on the verge of collapse, steadied herself against the back of a chair. She knew she should escape, but her feet would not obey. She couldn’t surrender, not just yet. Lost in the emotional hell Bastian had laid out before her, Bastian approached her and began undoing her underwear.

   “Shall I set you free?” he said, untying the lace of her corset.

   Odette began to resist again, but the fight was not with her this time. She felt as if she was floating on a dark cloud of numbness and by the time her senses came back to her, she was already sprawled out on the bed, staring up at the ceiling.

Odette thrashed as Bastian tore off her corset and threw it, along with her blue dress and skirt, onto the floor. He then removed his gloves, and his watch tossed next the pillow's side.

   Bastian’s face came into view as he clambered on top of her limp body. He stared down at her with a wicked smile and a glint in his eyes.

   “Bastian, please…” Odette said in a pathetically weak murmur.

   He lifted his gaze from where he had been looking down at her shivering body. She felt the tears run down her cheeks and her chest bucked with barely contained sobs. A twisted smile formed on Bastian’s lips, he was enjoying her pain even more and each time she pleaded, only excited him more.

Bastian's lips formed a smile, memories of being manipulated by this witch-like woman surfacing. He realized he had hesitated when he could have had her long ago, stating terms in an agreement he never truly cared about. What he feared was ruining their relationship, never winning her heart. This worry haunted his sleepless nights beside his sleeping wife, perhaps stemming from the night he won her in a gambling den.

   “Bastian,” she pleaded once more, devoid of all emotion except desperation. 

What a clever strategy she had, her teary eyes calling his name once enough to win his sympathy and delight. He was a fool for her. But, unfortunately, but that moment was long gone.

  Bastian tore off her knickers and threw them aside, ignoring her pleading.  Like a famished beast, Bastian tore off her knickers and threw them aside, ignoring her pleading. 

Odette screamed as Bastian kissed her aggressively, like a starving animal. He unbuckled his belt, and her whining and struggles only fueled his joy further.

"Ahh...!"

A sharp cry rang out as Bastian's hand, previously clutching her chest, slipped between Odette's legs. He muffled her scream with a kiss, exploring the dryness beneath. Odette sobbed in shameful pleasure, her eyes reddening as she tracked Bastian's hands, working to part her legs.

With his damp hand, Bastian tenderly stroked her cheek, a final act of kindness to commemorate their past intimacy.

   Odette cried in pain as she clutched the end of her sleeve. Bastian glanced at his watch. He had to be quick, he had an appointment with the Emperor.

Quickly, he turned Odette and climbed atop her, forcibly stretching her legs.

Cries of pain and rough moans erupted nearly at once. Bastian didn’t care anymore about her feelings; it was his answer to the Siren's song.



Their passionate lovemaking, marked by Bastian's muffled groans, reached a climax and and abruptly ended. Odette was desperately trying to break free, causing Bastian to pull her waist tighter, thwarting her attempts. Like a pinned butterfly, he fluttered weakly before finally collapsing, exhausted.

He had done it with this woman.

With the act done and his body cooled, Bastian felt reason return and the reality of what he had just done sank in. He looked over at Odette, who was curled up on the bed, sobbing. A hollow laugh escaped. 

He felt like he had journeyed far and wide, only to find what he was looking for right back at the start. He was filled with relief. The transaction concluded in the manner it should have started.

When Bastian woke up, Odette lay on the bed as if she had fainted. Bastian rolled off the bed and tided himself up. Adjusting his trousers and belt, tucking in his shirt and brushing down the wrinkles was all he needed to regain his composure, a stark contrast to the mess Odette was left in.

   He went to the bathroom to wash of the scent of her from his fingers, adjusted his tie and cufflinks. Other than replacing his wedding ring, nothing else warranted his attention.

   When he came back into the bedroom, Odette had moved along the bed, no doubt to get out of the bloody wet patch he had left behind.

It was nothing remarkable, nothing special.

   He had never once thought that a man like Franz could win the heart of such a haughty woman, not even Count Xanders. 

   At least Bastian could erase all doubt about who the father of the child would be. She was a woman that had known no other man, something that would remain unchanged until the conclusion of their marriage.

“I will convey your regards to the palace and tell them that I treasure the precious gift the Emperor bestowed upon me,” He sneered, approaching the bed and picking up his glove, which lay among the piles of Odette's clothes.

Odette remained silent,  ignoring him, making the sight of the tangled bedsheet, filled with remnants of their encounter, all the more entertaining.

Bastian put on his gloves and turned to leave the room, only to notice the bouquet had fallen on the floor again. Though that was an accident, he made the conscious choice to leave them. He left the room behind, along with the scent of sweet roses, now trampled by his boot.

The rhythmic sound of his steps echoed through the tranquil evening corridor.

Chapter 110.
End of a Long Day.








By the time Odette recovered her wits, evening was already closing in. The sky and the sea beyond the window were tinged with the light of the fading sun. At any moment, her maid would come in to ask her about dinner arrangements.

   She knew she had to clean up, but she had no energy for it. The best she could do was to curl up on the bed and as she did so, she felt the cold, dried sweat. She looked over at her dishevelled clothes all over the floor. The torn buttons, ripped underwear, shoes flung to opposite corners.

   Could it have been a bad dream?

   Of course not, she had to sober up and accept the reality as it was. Sorrow washed over her in drowning waves of anguish. She was exhausted. She yearned for rest, she wanted to fall asleep but was too afraid of what dream may come.

   She lay in a silence as quiet as if she was underwater and watched the sun set. In the silence, she became vaguely aware of a gentle ticking sound and in the twilight, she saw that the man had left behind his wrist watch.

   Raising painfully, Odette picked up the watch and looked at it. There was something different. She had an intuitive realisation in the moment her eyes met Bastian’s as he removed it. He was more rational than he had ever been in the days swept up in uncontrolled desire, which made him ever more threatening.

   The man that had been her last hope was now gone forever. Upon confronting that desperate reality, the world flipped on its head once more. It was the last memory Odette could fully recall.

   “Madam, its Dora,” the maids voice came from the other side of the bedroom door.

   Startled, Odette quickly rose from the bed, ignoring the stiffness in her muscles. She thought to get her robe, but her body was still a little awkward to control and instead, she stumbled to the floor. She couldn’t even manage a few proper steps.

   “Ma’am, are you okay, do you need me to call the doctor? Master said you were resting because you were not feeling well.”

    Not feeling well, 

Odette guessed that was the excuse Bastian had given the staff.

   “No, there’s no need,” Odette managed to give a weak response.

   As she got back up off the floor, she felt something wet and warm trickle down her leg. She knew what it was immediately and in a flash, the heavy weight and unfamiliar heat, the tearing pain between her legs, the sound of clashing flesh and the sensation she could not turn away from, even with her eyes clamped shut.

   “Madam, are you really okay?”

   “Yes, of course, don’t worry.” 

Suppressing her tears, Odette quickly grabbed her skirt nearby to hide the shameful traces. Had it been a normal marriage, this might have happened long ago, perhaps even in the back alley of the gambling den where they first met, so there was no need to be concerned about it.

 “Thank you, Dora. If I need any help, I will call.”  Odette gathered together her sullied garments, thankful that Dora decided not to do a visual check of her well being.

   Odette took a low breath, trying to get control of herself. She repeatedly chided herself as she made for the bathroom. She was finding it difficult to think properly and above it all, one fact remained clear, 

Bastian was insane.

There were no words to justify his decision to have a child for revenge, and Odette had no intention of paying the crazy man's price.

Never, no matter what.



“And its all thanks to you,” the Emperor declared, as he concluded the discussion on the situation of the North Sea.

   Bastian set down his glass with a modest smile. Now that the dinner and cocktail party was concluded, it was time to get down to the meat of why he was there, escorting the Crown Prince and Princess Belov.

   “Thanks to the successful establishment of a military alliance with Belov, we were able to strengthen the defensive line of the North Sea front. This is an honour that would not have been possible if Isabelle’s national marriage had not been successful. I will always deeply appreciate that,” but it seemed that the Emperor was not done with his rhetoric, Bastian was getting impatient. “I think it would be prudent to offer you a Baron title,” the Emperor continued. “That was your promised reward, was it not? With such contribution, I think you’re more than qualified to be listed among the imperial nobility, what do you think?”

   “You’re too generous.”

  "Why? Isn't the title of a baron from the lower nobility enough? the Emperor said with a humerus note to his words. “If I were to offer you a higher station, the backlash would be fierce, but fear not, keep performing and "I promise you'll be a navy admiral with the title of an earl by the time you're forty." the Emperor laughed.

   “Your majesty, I must tell you that I do not desire a title, nor do I wish to be admiral,” Bastian said politely. The Emperor looked at him with a raised eyebrow.

   “My dear Bastian, are you seriously turning down such a haughty gift, have you given up on your ambition?”

   “No, of course not, I would gladly accept if I had achieved anything myself, but I have no intention of accepting that which has not been dutifully earned,” Bastian smiled and nodded.

   Bastian felt entirely arrogant for turning down the Emperor’s offer, but he also did not want to accept handouts made by back room deals. He wanted to earn his titles and promotions through his own great deeds, not because he made a shady deal with the Emperor. One day he would fly with the wings of his own making. He would fly higher than any one ever dared imagine he could.

   “Well then, what is it that you desire? I doubt you would want more wealth,” the Emperor said, irritation clear as day.

   “May I reserve my answer for later, when I have had the chance to think about it?” Bastian was unflustered by the Emperors growing impatience.

   “So, you’re saying there is nothing I have that you would like? If I didn’t know you better, Major Klauswitz, I would say that you just insulted the Emperor.”

   “Not at all, Your Majesty, rather, I’m expressing my desire to achieve more, off my own back,” Bastian said, straightening his posture. “Postponing this deal until that day simply signifies the continuation of our personal relationship.”

   “And so?”

   “In return for deferring my reward, I intend to reap the interest of a stronger relationship with the royal family.”

   “Do you perceive my promise as some sort of savings account?” the Emperor scowled at Bastian. Bastian didn’t flinch.

   Bastian had thought long and hard about his plans. Plans that had to be altered thanks to Odette. Nothing was certain at the moment, but his goal was still clear. He would secure maximum benefit.

   To optimise his gains, he decided to exercise patience, knowing that hasty decision could result in lost opportunities. Gaining goodwill with the royal family was an added bonus. Bastian knew the Emperor would see through any attempts to conceal his true intentions, so he chose to deal with it head on.

   The Emperor was a ruthless man, but he wasn’t without his rationale. If he proposed some form of mutual gain, the Emperor would likely accept it. He was confident that he could be that benefit and the Emperor would not be able to resist.

   “You’re a refreshingly candid business man,” the Emperor mused. “No wonder most social circles are not fond of you.” The Emperor laughed heartily and drained his wine. “What about your desire to being the son-in-law of Felia nobility? You know, Duke Laviere won’t accept a son-in-law without a title.” The Emperor narrowed his eyes as he spoke, hinting at his daughters protection. “Well, now that the bothersome father-in-law is out of the picture, perhaps there’s no need to change wives after-all.”

   Bastian looked at his wrist, realising he had forgotten his watch, an ill oman for a naval officer. This oversight caused a minute crack to form in his composure.

   “I am prepared to accept whatever decision you have chosen to make on the matter, but personally, I hope that you will treat Odette well. She is, after all, my blood relative.”

   Bastian tidied his sleeves, raised his eyes to meet the Emperor’s. Blood relative, an inappropriate to describe a chess piece he had moved in position to be discarded, but Bastian did not object.

   “Yes, your majesty,” he said with a respectful smile. “I will bare that in mind.”

   The Emperor rang a bell and quickly after, a servant came in to refill his wine glass. “Now, new promises call for a toast, do they not?” The Emperor proffered the wine glass and held it high before him.

Without hesitation, Bastian downed his drink, feeling the warmth course down his throat. Whether it was the alcohol or lingering desire fueling him, he didn't know.



“Madam went to bed early.” Lovis reported briefly, his curiosity about the palace's events overshadowed by her master's need for rest. "


"You've done well, rest now," Bastian replied, his voice tinged with drunkenness, before calmly continuing on his way.

Lovis turned to ask about clothes but halted when he saw Bastian slowly approach his wife's bedroom. Bastian wasn't so drunk as to enter the wrong room.

Lovis held his breath in shock as Bastian opened the door without hesitation and stepped inside. As the door closed, the ticking of the clock marked the day's end and the night's silence broken only by the distant rustling of maids eavesdropping from around the corridor's corner.

The maids' lounge would buzz with this unusual topic tomorrow. Meanwhile, the rumors about the strife between the master and his wife seemed to be subsiding.

Chapter 111.
The Night Comes.








Odette looked down at the table with a heavy heart. There was a meagre pile of banknotes, coins and other precious belongings. The pile certainly looked sorry for itself and Odette looked about the room, desperate to find anything else that could be considered valuable.

   She had given most of her savings from the last two years to Tira, in a bid to get her out of the city and to safety, which hadn’t left much for herself in her escape plan. She turned the study over, searching every little nook and came up with a fountain pen with her initials on it and a silver inkwell box.

   Once Tira left and was finally safe, Odette planned on making her escape too. With determination, Odette repacked her savings pot. It was sufficient enough right now to hide out somewhere just beyond the border.

   There was no way she could stay, knowing Bastian’s intentions to have her father his child. He showed absolutely no regard for her, in his relentless advances, he had become blinded in his endeavour to sire a child.

   She sobbed every time, before losing consciousness, only to come back to reality with his weight pressing down on her. It went on for days, his animalistic mating.

   Odette scrubbed the thought from her mind as she placed the savings box in its hiding place, in a secret compartment at the bottom of a locked drawer. She kept the key in the poetry book on the shelf.

   With her anxious heart calmed, Odette went to the window, where the evening moonlight splashed across the driveway. The urge to escape there and then rose in her as strong as ever, she had to restrain herself. Bastian was too aware of her actions and she didn’t want to spoil her plans with recklessness.

For now, the estate was the safest place. Odette opened the window, allowing the fragrant scent of blooming heath flowers, suggested by Count Xanders, to waft in.

   If you ever need help, feel free to ask. Count Xanders had told her, but that hope was fleeting and had melted away into the night. How could she ask him for help, to escape a husband that demands a child from her for betraying him, and all to protect her sister who had crippled their father?

   There was no one else she could ask for help, she was utterly alone. The truth prickled like thorns in her chest.

   A dog's deep barking broke Odette out of her thoughts. Margrethe had been napping by the fireplace, when she got up and approached Odette with her tail wagging. Odette hugged Margrethe.

   “It’s okay Meg.”

   She gave Meg a kiss on the top of her head. Enjoying the small comfort Margrethe provided, Odette looked back out to the evening landscape, shrouded in fading twilight which reduced what she could see to barely passed the window and she saw the twinkle of a car coming down the driveway.

The night was coming…. 

Odette realised all too quickly, as the car came down the drive, stopping at the front entrance where she could not see. She didn’t need to see to know who it was.

   Feeling shaky, Odette let go of Margrethe and closed the windows. It was going to be a long night.



“Muller’s letter has arrived, sir, it came with the evening post.”

The butler’s voice, giving a report, was heard between their rough breaths and moans that were growing faster and faster. 

   Bastian paused in his thrusting and looked at the bedroom door. It must be important for Lovis not to wait for a more appropriate time. Odette stopped writing on the bed as he pulled out and stood up straight.

   “Understood,” Bastian said to the bedroom door.

   Bastian looked down at Odette, whimpering on the bed. It was no secret to all servants that he loved to spend as much time with his wife as he could, it served to quell the rumours of discord in their marriage. Above all, Bastian enjoyed the fact that Odette found such rumours humiliating.

Bastian's gaze shifted downwards, observing Odette's trembling body as she was gasping for breath.  “Put the letter in my room, I will be there shortly.” He grabbed Odette’s waist firmly, climbed on top and planted himself back inside her.

   This could not be called love-making, there was no love in it, more like going through the necessary motions to get what he wants. His breaths quickened, yet his face remained calm as he gazed at Odette's pale back swaying beneath him. As tears streamed down her face, his passion surged, and with a groan he squeezed Odette’s waist as he felt the climax and her gasping in pain was icing on the cake. 

   The smell of sex in the room, was more like the stench of self loathing and disgust, took another round. In the dressing table mirror, Bastian caught sight of their intimate encounter, making him to close his eyes, battling his  uncontrollable passion. When he opened them, he met Odette's tear-filled turquoise gaze through the mirror. She looked right back at him, her eyes were vacant and her expression placid like still of water.

Bastian's eyes flickered briefly, and then he gazed into the darkness before refocusing on the bed. He didn't let Odette rest, swiftly resuming his passionate thrusts, an ecstasy that bordered on pain.

 He might have enjoyed it a little too much, but seeing Odette’s tears soak the bed sheet only served to make him finish in her quicker.

She let out a cry of pain and with the last pulse of orgasm, he let her drop to the bed, her hips marred with fresh bruises. The mixture of satisfaction and pity swirled within him as he felt the desperation emanating from her trembling form.

Bastian took a moment to catch his breath. He looked cold and callous, stark contrast to the passion he had shown before. He wanted to go again. The timid little woman on the bed, too weak to prevent her fate, made him more excited as he looked at her trembling body, but he had business to attend to. 

As Odette lay unconscious, struggling to breathe and unable to muster the strength to move a finger, Bastian turned away and left the bed behind. After emptied the glass filled with water on the vanity table, he put on his dress and checked himself over in the mirror. There was no trace of the madman that had driven Odette to despair and he smiled at himself.

   Bastian walked to his own room without ever looking back. From the partially open door, Odette heard the butler's patient voice, and Bastian replied briefly. Although she couldn't catch their conversation, it seemed that Müller's emissary was awaiting a response from Bastian. As he prioritised the company's work above all else, their night might end here.

With a glimmer of hope, Odette summoned the strength to lift her weary body. As the butler departed, a silence enveloped the room.

Bastian appeared fully focused on his work. In that moment, Odette entered the bathroom and stepped into the shower. The sound of rushing water echoed through the silent darkness.



It was late by the time Bastian returned. The bed was empty. Bastian did not worry as he closed the door, Odette was always so predictable.

   He walked across the room, taking a seat by the fireplace to light a cigarette. He could hear the harsh sounds of running water, the shower. As he smoked, he looked at the documents Muller had sent him.

   The railway concession linking Felia and Belof was supposed to be contracted to a family with ties to both royal families, but there was a problem and everyone was being dragged into a bidding war, even his father’s company.

   Bastian saw this as an opportunity to rectify a two year old mistake and the board agreed. His father was aiming to use the Count Ellis connection to become a father-in-law and if he succeeded, everything would fall into place like dominoes.

   Bastian threw the proposal into the fireplace and despite his cigarette burning down to the nub, Odette still had not come out of the shower.

   He pulled out another cigarette and headed over to the bathroom door. There was no other noise but the sound of the shower. Bastian pushed open the door and was not expecting to be greeted by utter darkness, so he reached in and turned on the light, bathing the bathroom in a warm glow.

   He smiled as he saw Odette curled up in the bathtub, hugging her knees and her skin a sickly pale blue pallor. 

How long had she been sitting under the freezing cold water?

   Odette did not look up until Bastian turned off the water. Then, their eyes met,  each carrying a different temperature.


Chapter 112.
Seeds of Unhappiness.








  “Enjoying the sensation of misery, I see,” Bastian said, with the cigarette still clamped in his lips.

   Odette stared at him with bloodshot eyes. They had mingled like rutting animals most nights, but this was the first time they had properly looked at each other. Each night Odette had to listen to his insults and ridicule, making her feel pathetic and small.

   “If you want to freeze to death, I suggest you try a little harder, take the extra steps,” Bastian gestured out the window, “there’s a whole sea of frigid water out there that would welcome you.”

   Odette glared at him as her teeth clenched to stop them shivering. “I’m not going to give up my life for someone like you, now, if you have nothing more to say, please leave.”

   “Save your foolish breath,” Bastian said, tilting his head slightly. He still wore a smile, but his eyes were cold and intense.

   Odette trembled and averted her gaze.

   Enduring this torture was what made her a fool, but it was better than letting the seeds of misery sprout. She only had to endure it long enough for Tira to get married and flee across the border.

   “Just go,” Odette said weakly.  She didn't want to engage in unnecessary arguments with that man in her current state.

   Watching Odette for a moment longer, Bastian finally turned and discarded his cigarette into the sink and washed his hands, then approached the bathtub to turn on the hot water. He then went over the fireplace and built up a roaring fire in seconds.

Odette was still huddled beneath the shower, trembling, watching it all, not saying a word. She was even more shocked when Bastian tossed all his clothes onto the floor and returned to her side, wrapping her body with a warm towel.

He strode across the bathroom, carrying her to the bathtub that has been filled with hot water. Odette screamed as the sound of the splashing water disrupted the silent of the autumn night. She felt the warmth slowly seep into her, but made the chill in her bones more pronounced. She never realised she had let herself get so cold.

Bastian hugged her tight, as she sat between his legs, and bound her. He tidied up her crazed mess of hair and checked her temperature by moving the back of his hand along her body. As his hand moved like a snake below the water and past her navel, Odette convulsed.

   “Stay still,” Bastian said as a cold command. He wrapped his arms around Odette and started caressing her belly. “I hope you are not planning on leaving any time soon, it would be a terrible burden to run off and leave your child, but if you are adamant on walking such a path, I won't object.”

   His deep voice tickled in her ear and even now, his hands tickled across her belly like he was already feeling for a baby’s movements. Odette endured it, keeping her eyes closed tight. She needed to remain humble, give him no reason or excuse. She had to wait for the right moment, when he would lower his guard, just like when she stole the documents that brought about this tragedy.

   “Aren’t you afraid of me?” Odette asked.

   Bastian smiled like Odette had shared an amusing joke. He turned off the water, which was now lapping at Odette’s chest.

   “I betrayed you,” Odette continued. “You’re dealing with something very important right now, confronting your father again.”

   “So?” Bastian replied lazily, his hand firmly on her breast. The softness in the palm of his hand filled him with a pink haze, it was hard for him to resist the temptation of her flesh.

   “Well, keeping someone like me around, someone that had already betrayed you once…” Odette finally let out an unbearable moan as Bastian started to roughly play with her nipple. “Do you not think that’s kind of foolish?” She managed to finish what she was saying with a whimper. 

She prayed for Bastian to regain his once cold rationality, but all she got was a mocking sneer.

   “Why, have you received a new order or something?” Bastian pulled Odette into him. “You can go ahead and do as you please, I think it would be very entertaining.” He lowered his head and started sucking her breast, and as he lingered, she clutched his shoulder to support her body. Every glance they shared stole her breath away.

   Could she really escape from this man? 

Consumed by despair, Odette trembled at the thought of Bastian's ruthlessness towards her if she betrayed him twice, chilling her blood. But she couldn’t live like this anymore. She had to do something, even if it meant doing something insane.

   “Worry not, Lady Odette, I can be quite generous.  I can even sleep with a dog I hate if it pleases me."

   As she stared up at the man who bore a flat smile, his large hand descended down her back and gripped her buttocks firmly. Unable to fight off his forceful entry, she withered and sagged into him. 

Embracing her Bastian entered her without hesitation. His gown, discarded on the floor, was quickly drenched by the water spilling from the bathtub. 

He hoped she would get pregnant soon. Once her belly was round and the child born, his desire and hatred would be satisfied, allowing him to wash it all away. Then, he could throw  everything: the memories of those foolish days and the remnants of corroded emotions.

  Having lost all self-restraint, Bastian held Odette and started moving wildly. Water splashed onto the floor, soaking the clothes and towel that had been discarded there. The woman that had been like ice, was now blazing hot. He laughed as he pumped, laughed so loud he felt like he might have gone mad.

It didn't seem like a completely wrong decision. 



Sandrine lowered her glasses and delicately unfolded her fan, while the singer on stage’s melancholic aria scratched at her nerves. It was a decidedly boring opera performance.

   “You don’t seem to be in the mood, is anything the matter?” A whisper of a voice reached her, before she had the chance to consider getting up and leaving.

   Sandrine turned her head as she let out an exasperated sigh, and came face to face with a sweet smile, reminiscent of the young boy it once belonged to. As she looked at Noah, a hint of disappointment lingered in her smile.

Twenty one. no, it was twenty two. 

   Noah Hoffman was a budding artist from the southern countryside. He was a decent enough lover, good looks, a pleasing physique and a friendly demeanour that knew how to handle people. He wasn’t a great painter, not enough to be a real success, but his way of life was certainly worth using, but he was no match for Bastian.

   Ever since that man’s rejection, she decided to accompany Noah out in public a lot more. It was an attempt to provoke Bastian, to get a reaction from him, though she had the faint inkling that even if he did know about her going out with Noah, the cold, heartless bastard wouldn’t lift a finger.

   “Shall we go?” Noah said.

   Sandrine simply closed her fan with an ambiguous smile and shook her head. She didn’t feel like socialising with this man tonight.

   “What of your recent works?” Sandrine said, trying to hide her anxiety.

   Noah got excited almost immediately at the thought of talking about his latest exhibition. It was full of the dreams of third rate painters, or so Sandrine thought, and although it was unremarkable, it would certainly be better than this opera.

   Just as he was about to speak, he pointed quickly. “Oh, look, Franz Klauswitz is here.” He pointed to a box diagonally opposite from them. Bastian’s half brother was there with his fiancee and both families.

   “I thought he was taking after the family business?” Sandrine asked.

   “I don’t know, but he is our patron. He provided the studio and helped with the exhibition. He doesn’t do it himself, that I have heard of, probably because of the contention with the family business.”

   “Well, he is quite the delicate young master.”

   “Oh, by the way, I heard something very interesting about Franz,” Noah said, lowering his voice as if they would hear him over the distance, and the singing. “He always locked his studio doors when he works, but one day, he forgot to do so, so we snuck in to take a look and found several paintings of the same woman. It was Bastian’s wife, every single one of them.”

   “Bastian’s wife, are you sure?” Sandrine’s eyebrows shot up her forehead.

   “Absolutely. I even checked against a picture in an old newspaper, it was definitely her.”

   “Maybe she was an attractive muse.”

   “Perhaps, but being that obsessed seems a bit strange, and no matter what, if people saw those paintings, it would cause quite the scandal.”

   Sandrine locked him with a stare for a moment as she was lost in thought, then resolved with a soft smile. She finally felt like this evening was going to become a little more entertaining.

Chapter 113.


The Final Way of Atonement.








The carriage went through the city centre of Ratz at speed. Odette was looking out at the scenery, barely able to take in any of the details of Boulevard Préve passing by the window. Making her eyes go funny, she turned to look at Countess Trier in the opposite seat.

   “Thank you, Countess,” said Odette.

   The Countess waved a hand. “It’s nothing, dear, you don’t need to show any gratitude.”

   On her way back from visiting relatives in Ardenne, the Countess stopped by the House of Klauswitz. She had growing concern for Odette, who hadn’t left the confines of the mansion’s walls in weeks. She had intended to make a short stop, check up on the young lady, then be off again, but then Odette made quite the unexpected request.

   “Is something the matter?” the Countess asked.

   “No, not at all,” Odette said, “it’s just that it was so nice to see you after such a long time, so I thought it would be nice to do a little travelling together.”

   A woman who was married to a rich husband, who collected cars like they were sweets, requesting a ride in a carriage? Odette had originally claimed that there was some important matter in Ratz she needed to attend to. There were too many holes in her story and despite that, Countess Trier pretended not to notice. She was worried about the thin and sickly looking girl.

   The Countess made a disproving noise. “To hear such honeyed words from you. So, where is it you wish to go? If I’m giving you a ride, I might as well take you the whole way.”

   “Oh, no, its quite alright, Countess, we’re almost there. You can drop me off here if you wish.”

There was only a month left until Tira would be leaving and Odette needed to raise more funds. She had gathered together some things that she was going to sell, but needed to do it discreetly, so as not to draw attention.

   She could not take one of Bastian’s cars and a driver, that would have been to conspicuous and no doubt the driver would report back to Bastian. Taking a public car was also too risky, too suspicious.

   She was feeling stuck, with no way forward, until the unsuspecting Countess came to visit, she was like a ray of golden sunshine on a rainy day. This was especially handy as Bastian would be tied up with work and wouldn’t be able to get out to visit Ardenne for a good long while.

   The carriage finally came to a stop outside the Reinfeldt Hotel on main street. After bidding the Countess a fond, and hasty, farewell, Odette hoisted up her bag and made to leave.

   “My dear Odette, if you ever need help with anything at all, come find me. I can’t promise I can do everything for you, but I will certainly try my best. Its better than struggling alone, wouldn’t you say?”

   Odette could feel the warmth and kindness in the Countess’ words. “Yes, Countess, I will do that, thank you.”

   Odette waited until the carriage was clear out of sight, then made for her true destination, the shady back alleys behind the city. A complex maze of narrow walkways teeming with gambling dens, shady establishments and illicit business’.

   The pawn shop here was renowned for being discreet and putting a price on just about anything. Odette knew of it because of her father, who had sold her mothers heirlooms and even worn out shoes to pay for debts.

   Using a vail to hide her face, Odette walked the all too familiar route and once she reached the pawn shop, she couldn’t help but look over her shoulder at the gambling den where her father had lost her to Bastian.

   Odette stared at the entrance to the gambling den for a long moment. The kindness Bastian had shown her father back then had quickly turned to poison for Odette. Well, her debt was more than paid off now and she could not wait to leave him, she didn’t feel a single pang of regret at that thought. It was the right thing to do, it had to be done.

   Taking a deep breath and letting all the emotion wash away from her, she pushed open the door to the pawn shop, clanging a bell as she went in.



“The document presented is a strategic report on the bidding for the railway concession connecting Felia and Belov. If we can acquire this section and merge it with the Berg Inland Railway, owned by Ellis, we can create a robust transportation network in the northern continent.” Bastian made his brief report, his blue eyes locked on Duke Laviere. With a hint of arrogance, he silenced the Duke's laughter.

  Every day, Sandrine's pleas to Bastian Klauswitz for clarity on divorce and remarriage intensified. He couldn’t understand why such a woman would put so much effort into the grandson of a junk dealer, he chose to watch closely, eventually taking the initiative himself.

Bastian, clear about his objectives, displayed nonchalance. He greeted him, seamlessly transitioning into business discussions. Despite his secretary's reports of his late nights at the company, he showed no weariness. His face, freshly washed, was the only hint of those long hours. His shirt, pristine and wrinkle-free, looked freshly donned.

The Duke felt as if the junk dealer's grandson was toying with him. However, he chose to watch and wait. The hound seemed to have found another interesting prey, and considering the potential massive profits from this venture, he overlooked Bastian's discourteous behavior.

The railroad business, which had started hand in hand with Ellis, was growing more and more prosperous each day. Laviere had a knack for being able to quickly gain ground, but Ellis was the driving force behind the venture. Over the years, the power dynamic had shifted and Bastian could see it. That was likely why he risked leaving Sandrine in such uncertainty.

   “Before you sign, there’s something I need to hear from you,” Duke Laviere said, shifting the focus as he reviewed the report. Bastian simply nodded. “Well, I’ll get straight to the point, when do you plan on taking my daughter? As far as anyone can see, the deal should have been concluded, we have held up our end, so what exactly are you waiting for?”

   “That is business between me and the Emperor, all you need to know is that our deal has not yet been concluded.”

   “But it’s been two years, unless there are details I am not aware of.”

   “Yes, that was the initial plan, but due to unforeseen circumstances,” Bastian shrugged, “so I have to maintain the marriage for now.”

   “How much longer do you expect it to take?”

   “I wish I knew, if its too much bother for you, you can explore other options.”

   “Other options, you say?”

   “Yes, other potential marriage partners that you might have considered before, just in case.”

   After Sandrine’s divorce became public information, propositions flooded in. Most were from reputable families and several suitable matches were noticed amongst the dross. The problem was Sandrine, for some reason she had her heart set on Bastian.

   “I thought you might have changed your mind because of the feelings you have for your wife, at least the public is in the opinion that you truly love your wife. If that is true, then yes, I will seek other options.”

   “I understand your perspective, Duke.”

   “Do you intend to cast Sandrine aside?”

   “Of course not, Lady Laviere has always been my first choice once my dealings with the Emperor is concluded. It’s just difficult for me to give you the definite answer you seek. If that leads you to searching other options, I would not blame you and humbly accept what ever decision you make.”

   Duke Laviere was convinced that Bastian was not the man to make his daughter happy. He could already imagine what her life would be like, living with this man, eternally craving his love, but never being properly satisfied and eventually withering away in loneliness.

   “If the engagement is broken, I will take full responsibility,” Bastian said, unexpectedly. “If you go for the contingency plan, the collaboration will continue as it is, the same can be said if Laviere rejects my proposal and wishes to withdraw from the partnership, I will respect whatever decision you make.”

   “So whether you marry my daughter or not, the deal stands?”

   “It does not define the deal,” Bastian said with a smile. “If you find it difficult to decide, I can give you more time.” Bastian tidied up the documents on the table and picked up the investment agreement while leave the signature blank.

   It felt like Bastian was being considerate toward the other party, but upon closer inspection, he had maintained control. The benefits promised to Laviere were just as much guaranteed for Ellis, but Bastian made the whole ordeal seem so alluring that the Duke could not risk not being a part of it.

   What a fucking Berg bastard, the Duke thought to himself as he finally took up the contract.



“Welcome master, the madam is in the solarium.” Lovis greeted Bastian with the report on Odette’s location. He did not bother to question why Bastian had not decided to stay in Ratz all weekend, it was not his place to pry.

   Bastian barely made a noise in acknowledgeable as he walked past his butler. He had completed in two days what was supposed to have taken three and even for a young, healthy man, it was exhausting.

   “Would you like to rest in your room for the moment? I will inform the mistress of your return,” Lovis said.

   “No need, leave her be.”

   “Then I will prepare dinner…”

   “I’m going to run for awhile, lets talk dinner later.”

   The butler bowed his head and backed away into the shadows as Bastian made his way upstairs. Bastian always found exercise good to refocus his mind, it was a long standing habit.

   After changing, Bastian immediately left the mansion for the coastal walkway. He stopped abruptly just as he turned a corner of the mansion. Music was flowing from an open second floor window.

   Slowly, Bastian raised his head in recognition, it was the family melody, and it was coming from the Solarium, where Odette was reportedly to be.


Chapter 114.


At The End of the Gaze.








The last note escaped out into the solarium and Odette breathed a sigh of relief as she lifted her fingers off the keyboard. Though not as practised as she once was, her hands were not as stiff as she thought they would be, but she wasn’t sure it was enough to take up a job as a piano tutor.

  Standing in front of the piano, Odette began to recheck her belongings. Even if she was able to make her escape, it was going to be tough to set herself up in a job, especially if she did something wrong and got caught out. One wrong move could see her future go up in smoke. The money she got from the pawnshop was just not enough, even the wedding dress and ring, which she was saving for last, could not meet the needed sum.

  A paperweight, a hairpin, and a knee blanket. Odette gathered more trinkets together to sell. During her scavenging, she managed to find the gold bracelet Dora had gifted her, inlaid with diamonds and rubies. Like all things owned by Bastian Klauswitz, it was made of top-quality gems.

Her heart was shaken for a while to sell it, but she had already learned how miserable and terrible the price of the sin she had committed against that man was. She didn't want to add theft to her list of crimes.

  Odette gathered together everything she wanted to sell into the basket that used to be Margrethe’s bed. It was when she was standing up from putting the bracelet in that she felt cramps in her stomach.


She went to the window to get some air, sitting herself on the sun-drenched sill, she closed her eyes and focused on the sensations of her body. As if it weren’t an illusion, soon the unpleasant stabbing pain came again. 

Thank god. I'm so glad. 

Odette sighed, calming her upset stomach. Her anxiety and restlessness grew as the day of her escape drew neare. She knew that if it was anything else, the mere thought of the worst case scenario stopped her breath. When her period a few days late from her monthly flow she couldn't sleep properly.

   Having calmed her raging emotions, Odette carefully checked the pain in her chest. That was when she saw Bastian, far off along the coastal walkway. He wasn’t supposed to have returned until tomorrow.

   Odette’s eyes went wide and she got up off the window. Bastian was dressed in his sportswear, running along the coastal path connecting the mansion to the beach.

   There were times she could not go out to meet him because he came home earlier than planned, but Lovis would always come to tell her that the master of the house was home. It was strange that she had not heard anything on his return. He had been home long enough to get changed at the least, Lovis would never make such a mistake, so it had to have been under Bastian’s orders.

   Perhaps his desires had an expiration date.

   Odette allowed the faintest glimmer of hope as she watched Bastian disappear beyond the coastal path. Odette leaned back on the window sill and hugged herself, the pain she thought had gone returned in force.

   As she tried to coax the pain away with deep breaths, the sound of a bell came from afar. She looked to see that Bastian had come back around from the coastal path and was standing on the boundary between the coast and the garden.

   It will start tomorrow, if not tonight.

 A voice in her head was telling her and as if Bastian could hear her thoughts, he looked up and Odette was caught in his gaze. Their eyes met across the distance, holding the gaze until the sunset burned a deep red.



Bastian climaxed and Odette felt like he was trying to crush her in his hands. As she gasped for breath, she slumped limply on the bed, exhausted.

   Weary, Bastian collapsed on the bed, the moonlight casting hazy shadows on the wall. Odette did not move and laid as if she was already dead. The nerves that had been on edge all day finally relaxed, now that business was taken care of.

   Bastian changed his mind about leaving the bed and watched Odette with a precise gaze, as if trying to read a map. He thought she looked unusually pale and her smooth body invoked images of a sculpture carved from ice. He could distinctly see red marks and bruising on her buttocks and between her legs, where he had been less than delicate with her during sex. 

 Unconsciously, his eyes narrowed as he noticed teeth marks on her ankles and hamstrings, pausing briefly at a bruise on her thigh. She was a woman who was definitely easily bruised and he was not happy about the damage left on her skin.

   “Odette…” calling her name was an impulsive choice he did not stop in time and as usual, she replied with silence.

"Ackh!"  A sharp scream shattered the silence.

   Bastian turned her over and could see her eyes sparkle in the dark. Lying face to face, Odette met his gaze without flinching, he couldn’t see how bloodshot and tear filled they were in the dark.

His long fingers began to move through her hair, like caressing a pet.“Is everything going well?” He sounded like he was mocking her, his voice carrying through the darkness. Embarrassed, Odette held her breath, was she being followed?

   “Why?” Bastian laughed,  “Did you stop being my stepmother's dog? I was ready to be terrified.”

Luckily, Bastian's doubts were directed elsewhere. 

   “You need to earn more, don’t you? After giving all your savings to your sister.” 

   Tears threatened to sting Odette’s eyes with pain and sorrow, but she was strong enough to hold them back. One day, even this will be a distant memory, faded in the past, just like all the other memories of her failures and mistakes. Time flows on and nothing is eternal, that was the only thing keeping  seeing each day.

   “If there’s something you want, just say, who knows, you might just get it, if you play your cards right.”

   Odette remained silent.

   “You will be the mother of my child after all, it won't do to have you fall into thievery or something.”

   His words were silky smooth, as if paying her a sweet compliment, but were laced with malice and suspicion. Perhaps he didn’t want an answer and was merely trying to bait her, which is why he never reacted to her silence.

   Odette patiently waited for the end of the night. Thankfully, he had no desire to hang around and torment her some more and soon he would leave as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened. Then she would wash, tidy the bed and finally get some sleep. It had been her routine for weeks.

   “Bastian?”

   There was no response, he had fallen asleep, his soft, rhythmic breathing a giveaway. Odette let out a frustrated sigh and rolled over, turning her back to him. It was an effort, but she freed her hair from under him and pushed away his heavy arm. Bastian stirred and replanted his arm around her waist, pulling her in tight.

   Odette struggled a little more, but she was fully entwined within his arms and legs. She became contemplative for a moment and stopped resisting.

   “You seem to enjoy this little game with me,” Bastian said sleepily.

   “Let me go, its disgusting and I can’t stand it,” Odette growled.

   “Than stop resisting and give me a child.”

   In cold fury, he pulled her in closer, encircling her with his arms, his solid, muscular body threatened to crush her, even when not trying.

   “Its the only way we are going to end this disgusting affair.” She could feel his smirk in his words.

   Bastian’s hand moved from her breast to her stomach. Odette shivered at his touch and squirmed violently. She tried with all her might to get free of him, but in the end, she couldn’t manage to move an inch from him.

   “If you can manage it, I would like a daughter who looks just like you. So if she grows up and asks about you, I can tell her to look in a mirror to see her mother,” Bastian said in a whisper, resting his chin on her forehead. His large hand, caressing her body, felt distinct with calluses, soft yet rough.

   Odette closed her eyes and fought back the urge to rage at him, to let out all her anger and frustration. This man was clearly going mad with each passing day. It was just a relief that Tira’s wedding wasn’t too far away.

Chapter 115.


Clean Up.




“Are you sure?” Theodora asked, with a clipped laugh.

   The news had been delivered by Molly, through her aunt, about Bastian’s current habits. Since his return, she thought that Bastian would divorce Odette, but the reality seemed very different. Rumours were that he was spending every spare minute he had with his wife and that since they had been married for a long time already, they were trying to have kids, start a family.

   “Molly’s words seem to be more than just a rumour, madam,” the maid said, doing her best to defend her niece.

   Theodora sighed and went to stand by the window, nodding as she went as if to suggest that she knew all too well. She could see Bastian’s mansion from the window, across the water.

   “It feels like Bastian wants to put the past behind him and simply focus on being with his wife, but she has other ideas. Molly said she was willing to rekindle our connection, but acts like she is going to run away with more than her fair share of everything.

   “I’m sure she is not so dim witted as to do something so stupid, especially after what happened last time she tried to betray Bastian.” Theodora turned around and gestured. Nancy quickly came forward with a tray that had a cigarette and an ashtray on it. “There has to be something else.” Lost in thought for a moment, as she lit her cigarette, Theodora opened the window and blew smoke out into the cold air.

   Odette was no ordinary person. She was still young and naive enough to be easily manipulated, but she was still clever enough to hire a detective to gather evidence in order to save her own skin.  If there was a chance to get closer to Bastian again, there was no way Odette would ally with her. Things had gone wrong from the start.

   It felt like Bastian was content in living happily ever after with a woman that had tried to stab him in the back. He must have gotten a brain injury during his time away.

   “Should we try again with Molly or do you think she has played her part?”

   “No, let Bastian’s wife do what she wants for now,” Theodora said, stubbing out the half smoked cigarette and turning back to her desk. Deep sighs escaped her as she consulted the troubling letter again.

   Ella Von Klein had sent the final ultimatum; set a wedding date by Autumn or she would break off the engagement with Franz. Theodora didn’t blame Ella, in fact, it was surprising that she had been patient up until now.

   Franz was the first person to break the agreement, getting married after a years engagement. He was impatient to start a family, after finishing his successor training and becoming a fully established business man. Fortunately the Klein family had readily agreed and the problems arose soon after.

   Even though he had achieved his goals, Franz still kept coming up with excuses to postpone the wedding. His passion to his fiancee was tepid at best and now rumours were circulating that he planned to call off the engagement for good. It was becoming unbearably humiliating for Ella Von Klein.

   “Do you plan on using that woman as a spy again?” Nancy said cautiously.

   Theodora carefully folded up the letter and put it safely in a draw. “Well, she has already been exposed to the situation for a long time, I doubt she would be of much use now.”

   “Then…”

   “Get rid of her.” There wasn’t a hint of hesitation in Theodora’s voice.

   Even though the fire had been cast at her feet, Franz seemed utterly clueless. He probably hoped the engagement would be called off at this point.

   Franz had been so happy to be Count Klein’s son-in-law, at first anyway, his change of heart can be linked all the way back to when he first met Odette and ever since, he had been trying to ruin his own life. At this point, it could be considered an obsession.

   “Get rid…like Sophie Illis?” The maids voice trembled slightly.

   “Oh my god, Nancy,” Theodora laughed.

   “I’m sorry, madam, I misspoke, forgive me.”

   Theodora watched Nancy grovel with amusement. It had been so long since she had heard that name. She had given that same order back then too. It had been so many years ago.

   “If she really is trying to escape, we should help her. After all, it was me who broke the promise first, so I should repay the debt.”

   Theodora quickly scrawled something on a piece of paper, folded it up, sealed it with wax and addressed it to Odette.

   Bastian’s intentions didn’t matter, they couldn’t afford any more delays. To protect Franz, they needed to get rid of Odette as soon as possible and it was not a waste of money to help her along her away, so long as it looked like she left on her own two feet.

   “But madam, what if she has other tricks up her sleeve?” Nancy said, holding the note passed to her.

   Theodora smiled softly, as she cleared away the letter box. “Do you remember the name of the pharmacist?”

   “You mean the apothecary, Mr. Lev?” Nancy’s eyes twinkled.

   Theodora’s smile deepened as she thought about it. It had been such a long time since she had Lev by her side. They had known each other so well and spent so much time together.

   “Lev, yes, that’s right. It was Lev. Nancy, your memory is impeccable. I guess Molly takes after her aunt quite well.”

   Nancy understood the implication. Lev could handle poisons just as well as any medicine. Nancy nodded with a broad smile on her face and turned to leave.



Odette paced around the room restlessly. Her complexion was as pale as a sheet of paper. It had been several days already and nothing had changed. She could definitely feel the familiar pain, but for some reason, there were no other symptoms. Occasionally, when she felt unwell, she would be delayed by a day or two, but her cycle had never been delayed this much.

   It was a bad portents.

   Once Tira’s wedding was finished, and they were safely aboard the emigrant ship, Odette planned to leave right after her. She had memorised the trains heading for Felia, which ran from the port to the central station. She had to fight the desire to leave with Tira, she had to keep her sister at a distance, at least, until the madman had given up chasing her. Felia seemed like the most suitable destination for that.

   There was only ten more days left. Ten more days of praying that things would not slip up. Just ten more days to endure.

   “Madam, its Dora, there’s a call from Miss Byller.”

   At the very moment when her nerves felt like they were at breaking point, Dora came with unexpected news. Odette understood the importance of such a message and ran for the door, flinging it open to a stunned maid on the other side.

   “Ah, sorry Dora.”

   Odette didn’t pause to make sure the maid was not too startled and dashed down the corridor without looking back. By the time she reached the study a second later, she was out of breath.

   “Tira.” Calling out the name down the receiver, with a tremble in her voice, Odette heard sobbing on the other end.

[I’m sorry for my behaviour, sister, I didn’t mean what I said. I was just upset, I didn’t want to accept that we had to part ways like this.]

   “I know, Tira, its fine.” Odette could feel tears burning her eyes.

   [Will you come to my wedding? I don’t blame you if you don’t, but…I still want to start anew, with your blessing.]

   “Yes, yes of course I will come to the wedding,  You said the wedding will be held at Becker’s house, right? Give me the exact address, and I'll go there..."

   There was a muffled noise that sounded like someone was trying to strangle a drowning cat.

   [The venue, the venue has changed though, did you know?]

   “No, what do you mean, why?”

   [Major Klauswitz sent a message to Nick. He said he would arrange the wedding to be at the fanciest hotel in Carlsbar. He is going to cover all the expenses and asked me to invite you to celebrate, but…why would he keep it a secret from you?]

   The words barely registered in Odette’s mind. Her hand holding the receiver quivered and lost its grip and dropped the phone, shaking started all over her body.

   [Sister? What’s wrong?]

   Odette could hear Tira’s soft voice coming to her from a distance, but her body did not respond. All she could do was collapse to the floor and try and suck in great gasps of air. Odette could see, perhaps this man’s goal wasn’t simply to get a child from her. 

He was prepared to kill her, drying up her blood, 

If so, his plan was proceeding smoothly. 



“Have you returned, master?” said Bastian’s maid as he turned a corner on the third floor. He replied with a nod.

   “I am worried for the mistress, she has not eaten anything and I thought she might have lost her appetite, but it seems like she is simply refusing to eat. She has given orders not to set the table for several days now.”

   Bastian let out a frustrated sigh and turned back around. The maid’s face, which showed genuine concern, held no clues as to why Odette would resort to a hunger strike.

   “It seems like there is something deeply bothering her and I thought that, well, if you could comfort her, master, it might help.”

   “Very well, prepare a meal.”

   “Now? It might be possible to prepare light refreshments, but…”

   “Fine, that will do, bring it to my wife’s room.”

After leaving a calm order, Bastian walked towards Odette's room. He glanced down at his wristwatch, which showed 11 o'clock.


It wasn't too late.

Chapter 116.


Money.


The dining table was set in the middle of the night for what looked like a casual tea party, but for one. Odette watched the absurd scene, leaning against a pillar. As the servant moved the table in front of the fireplace, the maid laid out the tablecloth and setting the food brought in on a serving trolley.

“Good job.” Bastian said as Dora finished arranging the cutlery and stepped away from the table.

After washing his hands, Bastian casually took his seat at the table, as if there was nothing amiss at all. He was still neatly dressed in his uniform, which contrasted against Odette dishevelled nightgown.

  “Please sit, ma'am.” Bastian motioned for Odette to take her seat.  

Reluctantly, Odette approached the seat across from Bastian, but did not sit.  “You don’t need to do this, just let me go back and rest.” The servants flowed out the room like water and left it in silence, save for the gentle crackling of the fire. “Its almost midnight.” Odette pointed out.

   “Eat,” Bastian commanded, helping himself to his share of the food.

   “I’ve already had my dinner,” Odette said.

   “Really? The servants say otherwise. Are they lying?” Bastian said in a sardonic tone.

   Odette looked at the food on the table. Bread sprinkled with granulated sugar on thick butter, roasted vegetables and pumpkin soup. All was Odette’s favourite food and she had to commend Dora for preparing it for her, but her appetite just wasn’t there.

   “I suggest you eat now, before I finish my plate, otherwise I will be force to open your mouth and stuff the food in,” Bastian said casually, as if commenting on the weather.

   “Then do it, you always do what you want any way, so what’s the point of doing anything else?” Odette said, her voice like ice. The pain returned and along with it, the resentment that had been building over the years. “Why the hell did you intervene in Tira’s wedding?” Odette cried out, tears streaming down her cheeks. “You promised to leave her alone.”

   “What does the mercy I showed that miserable Becker couple have to do with the promise I made?” Bastian held a glass of water just shy of his lips.

   “Since when did you have any concern for my sister?”

   “I am simply repaying the favour, I’m not the kind of person that likes to pass himself off as a freeloader.”

   “What about the offer for me to attend the wedding, was that sincere too?”

   “What do you think?” Bastian laughed casually and leaned back in his chair. Odette looked away, the tears hot in her eyes.

   She had become much weaker than before and Bastian noticed. Even standing in front of a well stoked fire, Odette felt cold. The shawl wrapped around her scrawny shoulders felt like a burden, as if she couldn’t even bare the weight of the moonlight. She was so pale, she was definitely in no condition to bare a child.

   “If you’re going to be so thorough in your calculations, than give me a salary too.”

   “Salary?” Bastian cocked an eyebrow at Odette.

   “Considering you have been paying me for the last two years, it must be compensation for something else, something unrelated to my betrayal.” Odette said calmly, clenching her hands together.

   If Bastian was going to accompany Tira to the wedding, she was going to have to revise her plan. It was going to make things very difficult and she was going to need money. If, by chance, the worse case scenario was realised, money would be even more critical.

   “Since I am going to be doing more work than before, its only fair that I receive a proper salary.” Odette said, confidence returning to her voice.

   Bastian wore a difficult expression to read, was he considering, calculating or just amused? 

“If I give it to you, do you think you can make it worth it?”

   “Yes, absolutely.”

   Odette sat at the table and took up a spoon, suddenly eager to tuck into the soup. Though her stomach churned and twisted at the thought of eating, she thought more on her desire to enjoy the food on the table. The bread had to be soaked in the soup, before it would even go into her mouth. She was able to eat a couple roasted vegetables and a few spoonfuls of soup.

   When she judged she had eaten enough to avoid the humiliation of being force fed, Odette lifted her head to look at Bastian. His sunken eyes were intimidating, but on the other hand, she got a sense of satisfaction. She had at least one weapons he could use to fight back, it was the last shred of her dignity.

   She was not going to let things just happen as he pleased. She was going to make things as hard for him as she could, force him to exert more effort than he intended.

   In that moment of renewed determination, Bastian got up from the table. Odette closed her eyes, knowing what was to come next.



The fierce kiss started at the dining table and ended when they got to her room. Bastian had passionately locked lips with Odette and wasted no time in removing her clothes. Odette had not resisted, not even a little, as if already deciding to give him what he had paid for.

   Bastian had to respect her admirable effort. Odette opened her lips again, mixed their tongue, and swallowed it. She endured his pawing at her breasts and clumsy fondling between her legs. She would do anything for money.

   Overcome with desire, Bastian did not even bother waiting until they were both correctly undressed and entangled himself into Odette, acting like beasts consumed by desire.

   Bastian became rough with her, biting at her nipples and squeezing her hips hard. It felt like he was trying to break her. Odette gripped the sheets of the bed and did her best to hide her whimpers. Bastian went wild in his thrusting and her skin became incredibly sensitive, she couldn’t bear to hold it in any more.

   Odette tried to shut out reality, deny the sensations rippling through her, but deep down she knew that something was terribly wrong. She started to get premonitions of a tragedy that was inevitable. She couldn’t accept it and did her best to ignore it.

   Odette glared up at Bastian, who was thrusting wildly. His gaze, as always, was off somewhere in his own mind, barely focused on the air in front of him. He was oblivious to her plight, her endeavours and she hoped that she could get away before he found out everything.

"Ah… … !” Odette let out a gasp as Bastian suddenly shifted, grabbing her around the waist and twisting her around to be sat on top of him. She reflexively gripped his chest for balance, digging her nails in.

   “You have to do some of the work if you want to get paid,” Bastian said in a low whisper.

   Odette was suddenly flush with embarrassment, not sure what she should be doing, so she started bouncing on her knees. Their eyes met momentarily and Odette thought she saw a flash of emotion in Bastian’s cold, blue eyes.

   While she tried to make sense of the emotion she saw, Bastian closed his eyes. When he opened them again, he was as flat and taciturn as before. Their sex nothing more than a means to an end. Grabbing Odette’s waist and pulling her down hard on his crotch, she could feel him swell inside her, quickly followed by his climax.

   Exhausted, Bastian embraced her as she went limp and gasped for breath. He licked her neck and cheek and caressed her back, Odette's body convulsed in response to his unsettling touch, an oddly euphoric sensation overwhelming her.

When Bastian reached his limits, he unleashed his primal desire without a second though, Odette prayed in her mind   

  Please trample me more thoroughly, 

erase this misfortune I now bare so that I don’t have to commit to it. 

Please…

In that moment, Bastian bit and sucked on her flesh and Odette could feel the mix of pain and ecstasy prickle her skin. It was her last memory of the night.

Chapter 117.
For My Dear Lover.




Sandrine looked out the window of Franz Klauswitz’s studio with interest. Located in an residential area near Boulevard Préve, the street was densely packed with clean, ornate town houses. The fact that many artists had found there footing here was all thanks to Franz.

   “The door is open,” came the excited shout of Noah.

   Frowning, Sandrine let the curtains fall back over the window and quietly ascended the stairs to the second floor. Noah stood waiting for her outside the door to the studio that now stood open. Although she found sneaking around someone’s house like a thief was reproachful, she couldn’t deny the fact that she was also a little excited.

   “Ah, I knew you could do it,” Sandrine said with a smile.

   When Sandrine had first asked to see Franz paintings, Noah had flat out refused. Betraying a friend like that was something he wouldn’t do. Sandrine knew he would come around eventually, if he truly valued and respected his friend so much, he would never have betrayed and spied in the first place. All it took was a little persuasion with a hefty pay out and Noah soon changed his mind.

   “Franz won’t be returning for a while, he said he would be busy with some railway business, and the rest of the house went to some party at a college studio across town.”

   Noah took the lead into the studio and when Sandrine crossed the threshold, she was surprised at how impressive the paintings were. It was impossible to pass them off as products of someone who considered painting a mere hobby.

   “Seems Franz is a better painter than he is a businessman,” Sandrine said.

   “He does have a fair bit of talent. Ah, here we are, the painting you want to see is just over here.”

   Sandrine’s eyes went wide as Noah brought her attention to a painting partially obscured by a picturesque scene of the city.

   Odette, Bastian’s wife, expressed in details precise enough to leave absolutely no doubt as to who it was. It was a grotesque sight that could not explain the artist's passion for the model.

   “See? I told you, didn't I?” Noah said with a childish grin.

   The naked form of Odette gazed out at Sandrine from the painting dreamily. Moonlight glistened off her pale skin, surrounded by a messy bed sheet and a cover that covered nothing. Sandrine burst into laughter, she couldn’t help herself, she was thinking about how Bastian was going to react, how much longer is he going to continue to waste his time on such an obscene woman?

   Her father had advised her to come up with a fall back plan, just in case. It was alright for him, he had his guarantees even if the marriage doesn’t work out, so there was nothing to lose for him. That was her fathers way, always making decisions that protect his bottom line, but not for her.

   Sandrine reaffirmed her determination to marry Bastian, even if it meant having to suffer through a second divorce, it didn’t matter to her. She would be content with the knowledge that she had finally fully possessed that man.

   “When is the exhibition opening?” Sandrine asked, lost in thought.

   “End of the year, at Linger Gallery.”

   “You’ve rented a pretty nice place.”

   “Well, thanks to Franz, yeah, we poor people would never be able to afford it otherwise.”

   “Well then, shouldn’t we repay that kindness?” Sandrine said. She turned to face Noah with a mischievous look on her face, like a child that just came up with the best prank.

   If Bastian wanted a formidable opponent, then she would become that for him, for her beloved Bastian, she was willing to be anything he wanted, no matter what.



Odette opened her eyes in time to watch the twilight of dawn play across her bedroom. Still wrapped in the lingering darkness, her room was as tranquil as a world submerged and the man sat on the end of bed blended with the serene landscape.

   She changed her mind about getting up and clutched the covers around her tighter, holding her breath. Memories of last night swam through her head, of him towering over her as he came inside, desperate for the inception to take hold and when the deed was done, he folded her up nice and neatly in the blanket, looking like a carefully packed porcelain doll.

   Why?

   Amongst her consideration and doubt, Bastian, who had been looking out across the darkness of the room, rose from the bed. Odette looked at him with tired eyes, as if he held the only answer to all her questions.

   Even in the gloom of dawn's first light, partially concealed by shadow, Bastian exuded a presence. The harmony of his thick muscles, large frame and rigid form reminded her of the portrayals of ancient warriors in renaissance paintings. The scars he bore on his body were like desecrations to God’s perfect creation. 

Was that the price of the title ‘hero?’

   While Odette speculated and considered, Bastian grabbed his clothes and left the room without so much as a glance back at him. As his footsteps faded, Odette sat up. The dining table was still laid out from their midnight snacking.

   Odette sat in her bed, watching the slow encroachment of the morning. Her condition had barely changed from yesterday, even after the consumption of food. In that moment of sadness and solidarity, the door opened to reveal Bastian’s return, this time fully dressed in a fresh uniform, like a knight donning his suit of armour before setting out on perilous quests.

   He closed the door behind him and approached the bed. “I forgot to settle the bill,” he said, stopping just a step away from the bed.

Odette watched him with a composed expression on her face. Bastian retrieved his wallet from his coat pocket and with a generous smile, produced a thick stack of bank notes and Odette took them.

   “Thank you,” she said calmly.

Accept it.

Her mind made the decision.

But..

   Odette looked at the money feeling a pang of something in her heart, maybe loss or hesitance, whatever it was, it threatened to engulf her and suffocate her sense of certainty.She forced herself to remain calm, but her cheeks flushed red and betrayed her sense of shame.

Bastian looked down at her with a mocking glint in his eyes and tossed the money he had been clutching. The bills fluttered and then scattered onto the bed and the floor. 

   To him, Odette had always been like that, pretending to be flat out obedient, yet secretly clinging to her frail dignity. It was both pitiful but also admirable. He enjoyed trying to coax that humility out of her.

   Bastian checked the time and turned to leave. As soon as his back was turned, Odette started picking up the money one by on , leaving no trace behind, diligently collecting the money from the space between the blankets, beneath the slippers, and even under his shadow. Only one small note remained on the tip of his boot.

Hesitating for a moment, Odette reached for that last remaining money. As she did so, Bastian sneered as he watched her hunched, barebacked figure, curled up at his feet, doubled over, hungry eyes counting, like she was some filthy beggar, or dirty courtesan.


Isabelle’s voice rang in his mind, shouting insults at Odette when she had gone wild at the ball in the Imperial Palace. Although the Princess was as incorrigible as she was immature, Bastian had to admit that the Princess was better than her.

   “I will give you some more,” Bastian said, trying not to laugh at the sight of Odette, “and the more you work, the more I will give you.”

   Bastian let four cheques flutter from his hands to the floor. It wasn’t difficult for Odette to work out what he meant by increased workload.

  Feeling a deep sense of shame, Odette silently picked up the cheques. They were an amount that was far greater than any salary she had been paid before and as demeaning as it was, she had no reason not to accept his offer.

   Bastian left the room without another word and once the door was closed behind him, Odette got up off the floor. She felt something crumble away in her heart, but she ignored it.

   Putting the bundle of money away with the rest of her savings, got herself dressed, fixed her dishevelled hair and anticipated the knock at the door.

   “Madam, are you awake?” Mollies voice called softly from the other side of her bedroom door. Right on time.

Chapter 118.
Red Dream.




“I’m worried about you, you don’t look well,” Maximin said, unable to hold back his concern any more.

   Alma and the dog frolicked in the garden. Odette finally turned to look at him, her face illumined by the sun streaming through the pergola, she almost looked like she glowed.

   “I’m fine, Sir Xanders, there is no need to worry.”

   “Well, actually, it was the Countess Trier that is concerned about you the most. She asked me to check up on you as she is currently busy with relatives in another city, she regrets not being able to come and visit you in person,” Maximin confessed as he lifted a tea cup to his lips. “She would also like me to say that if there is anything you need, anything at all, you only need to ask.”

   “Ah, I see,” Odette said, turning back to watch Alma play with Margrethe.

   “Seeing you, though, I can understand why the Countess would be concerned. Have you seen a doctor?” Maximin grew more concerned.

   “No, its not necessary.”

   “I can introduce you to my families doctor, he’s very good and I can keep it as discreet as you would like.”

   Odette had changed since her husband returned. At first, he thought it might have been the weight of losing her father, but now he was certain it was something else and the only other thing he could think of was Bastian.

   “Thank you, but I must decline, there really is no need, I don't want to drop Dr Kramer's credibility by being examined by another doctor.” Odette said politely.

   “I’m sorry, Odette, I feel I may have misspoke in my concern for your health." Maximin’s eyes fell to Odette’s loose fitted wedding ring. The awkward silence between them was broken by the infectious laughter of Alma returning.

   “I’ll give this to Mrs Klauswitz.” Alma approached Odette, holding out a bouquet of freshly plucked flowers.

   “Alma, you mustn’t pick other peoples flowers without permission,” Maximin said.

   “Its okay, Sir Xanders, really,” Odette said. She accepted the flowers with an affectionate smile. “They’re so pretty, Alma, just like you.”

   “Flowers are the prettiest, so you should say they are pretty like Mrs Klauswitz,” Alma said, like a teacher to a child.

   Odette couldn’t help but break out into laughter at Alma’s mischief. Alma also laughed, not fully understanding the exchange, even Margrethe barked at the fun. Odette leaned down and kissed Alma on the cheek.

   The mood was only ruin by the sudden thought that there was only three days left. It was overwhelming to even think about it, but she had to leave.

   What made matters more urgent was the letter Molly had given her from Theodora, who had offered to help her and promised to provide her with money. There was a condition attached to that aid, she had to disappear before winter.

   It was presented like a generous offer, but Odette could see it for the threat it really was. A desperate measure to protect her son, who was showing an unhealthy obsession with his stepbrother's wife. Money was like poison in this situation.

   Odette wished to remain resolute in the face of the woman’s manipulations. She burnt the letter and almost drove Molly off, but that would have been too obvious. She had no intention of joining hands with Theodora, at least, not with the intention to harm Bastian. It was time time to leave this rats nest behind for good.

   “Will you be heading to Ratz now?” Odette asked, politely hinted she wanted to their conversation

   “Yes, once I have taken Alma back home, I need to get back to my research. Speaking of which, I should really be heading off soon.”

   “Could I ask a favour?” 

Maximin smiled warmly at her as the words she had pondered over for a while flowed effortlessly from her.

"Tell me, Odette. Anything you want."



The pounding crunch of marching soldiers filled the air as Bastian woke up from his short nap. Habitually he looked at his wristwatch. He still had about half an hour until he was needed at a strategy meeting at 2.

   Bastian got up and went to the kitchen to splash cold water on his face, washing away the sleepy fug still lingering just behind his eyes. Gazing out of the window at the vibrant autumn colors of the water garden, he felt as though he was peering into a hazy scene from a recently awakened dream.

Within the dream, he wandered through an expansive field, surrounded by a sea of red.He thought it was blood, but after closer look, it turned out to be a carpet of red flowers. The brilliant, golden sunlight cascaded over the undulating waves of crimson, making it almost blinding. He felt someone approaching from beyond the horizon, but what happened afterward became hazy and indistinct in his memory.

Shaking off the meaningless dream, Bastian approached the sink and refreshed his face with a splash of cold water.

   “You planning on meeting with your father tonight?” A voice came from behind him.

   Drying his face, Bastian looked over at Erich, who had come in from the next room, he was holding out a cigarette pack to him. Bastian took one and walked out of the kitchen and into the study, lighting the cigarette as he went. He conjured up the metaphorical image of the whole world trying to strangle his father, some even getting close enough to wrap their fingers around his throat.

   “I hear you went to play tricks on the Count Ewald yesterday. Is it really worth the trouble? Franz wont last much longer any way, once his mothers influence wears off,” Erich said, following after Bastian.

   “Its getting boring,” Bastian said, the reply not something Erich was expecting at all.

   “Well, I guess you have a point. It might be a long while yet until your stepmother kicks the bucket. So, once you settle things, what fun do you have in mind?”

   “I don’t know,” Bastian said as he took a deep drag of the cigarette. He did not look very enthusiastic. His indifference did not match the ambitious representation of someone obsessed with success.

   Bastian was always like that. He would quietly and discreetly dedicate himself to his duty and responsibilities, even though he never seemed to desire anything, but eventually achieved great success. What was even more astounding was that he never seemed to have any regrets or reflections on his success, like he had no idea how many medals and citations he wore on his dress uniform.

   “You’ve built yourself quite the company that no one can ignore. You’re the youngest admiral in the navy. Is there anything left for Bastian Klauswitz’s ambition or are you going to go back to trading junk?”

   Erich was rambling, blurting out words like he would burst if he didn’t. He didn’t realise his mistake until too late and tensed up, carefully waiting for Bastian’s reaction, but Bastian remained as calm as ever, maybe he was still numbed from sleep.

   “Now that wouldn’t be a bad idea.”

   Bastian’s overly casual nature made Erich wonder if he was being genuine or not. Just then, the clock in the living room chimed softly to indicate fifteen minutes before the hour. 

   “Well, what ever you decides, its going to be hard to stand up to your fathers whims. Good luck with that.”

   Erich left through the front door, waving as he went and Bastian returned to the study and stood in front of the mirror, checking over his uniform.

   The man who had killed his wife and abused his children was not worth much of Bastian’s time, but a woman that simply stole a few documents was worth all of Bastian’s ire. How did that make any sense?

   “Major Klauswitz,” a booming voice echoed down the hallways of Naval HQ. Admiral Demel.

   Adjusting his epaulettes one last time, Bastian scooped up the documents on the small coffee table and headed into the office where Admiral Demel was waiting for him.

While strolling through the passage that linked the two buildings, Bastian recapped the agenda for the impending meeting and briefed Admiral Demel. Amid this, the memory of the vivid red dream resurfaced.

Without thinking, he turned his head, and was greeted by a garden bathed in maple hues. The hazy remnants of the dream seemed to blend seamlessly with reality. Lost in these nebulous memories, he was abruptly jolted back to the present as he reached the corridor's terminus.

 Bastian dispelled these futile musings and stepped into the headquarters.



Sir Xanders’ car came to a stop on the western side of the park in Ratz, where Odette had requested to be dropped off.

   Alma was asleep in his arms. Maximin looked over at Odette, who was busy wiping the sweat from her forehead and putting on the wide brimmed hat that accented her dress quite well and grabbed her large, heavy bag.

   “Why don’t you tell me exactly where you’re going, I can take you straight there.”

   “No, that’s okay, its not too far from here. It would be more inconvenient to take the car all the way, thank you though,” Odette said politely and hurried out of the car.

   Maximin could do nothing but watch the curious woman leave. The driver got back into the car again, but Maximin struggled to tell him to drive on while he could still see Odette walk away.

“My Lord!”

When Maximin thought about bringing Odette back an unexpected shout spread through the air. The driver hurriedly got out of the car and ran toward the sidewalk that bordered the park.

Maximin was on the verge of letting out a scream himself, taken aback by the sudden turn of events. Alma, roused from sleep, joined the chorus of surprise with tears streaming down her cheeks. 

Leaving the crying Alma in the car, Maximin hastily hurriedly sprinted toward Odette lying on the road.

Chapter 119.
Soaring Hawk.


The first thing Odette noticed, when she opened her eyes, was that the ceiling was different. Rather than the usual lace shadows cast by the drapes of her four poster bed, the ceiling was instead a bland grey.

   “Fortunately,” a sigh of a voice muttered from somewhere in the haze of confusion. She recognised the voice, though its tone was different, it still invoked images of a sun dappled day.

   “Sir Xanders?” Odette whispered the name through dry lips. She slowly turned her head to see the man sat at the bedside, looking at her with concern.

   “Ah, you’re awake. You collapsed shortly after getting out of the car, we brought you home to recover,” Xanders said.

   “Oh, my, really? Thank you,” Odette said weakly.

   It took a lot of effort to get sat up straight, her body felt like a leaden weight. Maximin handed her a glass of water and went over to adjust the curtains so that the sun didn’t shine directly into her face.

   Drinking the water enthusiastically, Odette felt herself returning to some normality and reflected on her memories for a moment.

   She had not been feeling well even before Count Xanders came to visit. She shivered and cold sweat ran down her body. Despite everything, she was holding up pretty well, but during the car ride her condition deteriorated quite unexpectedly. Her hunger strike was most likely the cause of her sudden nausea.

   “I will contact the Navel Base, see if Major Klauswitz can come and…”

   “No, please don’t,” Odette said sharply. “He’s very busy, you see, I don’t want to worry my husband over something so small.”

   “I think pregnancy is not something so small, Odette, I’m sure your husband would love to hear the joyous news as soon as possible.”

   “Well, that’s…what?”

   “Doctor Zagers confirmed it after he examined you. Though he couldn’t be certain without proper examination, he did mention that it was highly probable, which made prescribing anything difficult. He advised that you get seen by a medical examiner as soon as possible.”

   “It can’t be true,” Odette said blinking at Maximin.

   “Take your time, you’re still recovering. When my wife was pregnant with Alma, she showed pretty much the same symptoms.”

   “No, I think there might be some kind of misunderstanding, Sir Xanders, I don’t think I am pregnant, I know my body better than anyone.” Odette asserted her surety without a doubt. “Thank you for your concern and I am ever grateful, but I should be leaving now.”

   Odette got out of the bed in such a rush, that she almost immediately fell to the floor. At first, Maximin thought she was trying to retreat under the bed. He rushed around to help her to her feet and could feel her cold, clammy skin through her shaking hand.

   He led Odette to a chair in front of the open window. When she tried to get up from the chair, he placed a firm hand on her shoulder and held her in place.

   “If its something you don’t want to talk about, I will respect your wishes. I promise not to interfere, but you must rest here for a little while and then we can leave together.”

   “Sir Xanders, that’s…”

   “The responsible thing to do. Setting out now, in your condition, is dangerous. I will accompany you to your destination, then escort you home.”

   Maximin lowered his posture so that he was eye to eye with Odette. He knew he should call her husband, but she didn’t want him involved and he had to respect that. She looked visibly frightened when he mentioned contacting him, but he couldn’t just stand aside and let her continue on like this.

   Odette was about to thank Maximin, when she was cut off by a gentle knock at the door. “Count, it’s time,” a servant said through the door.

   “Oh, of course, I have a prior appointment with Alma’s headmaster, forgive me, but I must leave. Stay as long as you need. I will be back around five.”

   Maximin wrapped a blanket over Odette’s shoulders before he left Odette in front of the fireplace. He headed for Alma’s room, but she was already awake from her nap and running down the corridor.

   “Daddy, is Mrs Klauswitz going on a trip? There are lots of pretty clothes and shoes in her bag, I saw them.” Alma was bursting with excitement.

   “You shouldn’t be going through other peoples things without permission, Alma,” Maximin scolded.

   Alma looked up at him with big, puppy dog eyes. “No, but, the bag fell over and I helped put everything back. I didn’t do anything.”

   “What’s this?” Maximin noticed something sparkle in Alma’s hand.

   “Little Meg, it fell from the bag and got hurt, I wanted to show Mrs Klauswitz,” Alma said tearfully, holding out her hand. It was a small crystal ornament of a dog that looked a little similar to Margrethe.



The sun had started to set and cast the alley in an ever deepening shadow. Odette quickened her pace as she noticed the vibrant hues of dusk painting the sky, the anxiety in her heart urging her to increase her pace.

   Had Sir Xanders returned already? The thought raced through her mind.

   She knew that Maximin would keep her secret, if he intended to contact Bastian, he would have done it ages ago and she would probably not have had chance to leave. Either way, she wanted to make sure she returned before Maximin did. She didn’t want to cause him any more worry.

She reached the narrow alleyways, like ant tunnels, and arrived at the pawnshop. Odette gently pushed open the door. The elderly owner, who had been napping in a corner of the store, suddenly awoke as the bell chimed. Placing the bag she had in her hands onto the table, Odette watched as the pawnbroker donning a pair of old round glasses hanging from his neck, began to inspect the contents without uttering a word. Even from behind her black veil, she sensed his fleeting glance at her.

"Are you selling this too?" Holding a brown envelope in his hand, which she didn't recognize, the pawnbroker  asked.

"... No." Odette took it immediately. She had never seen the envelope before and her confusion grew when she noticed the Xanders family crest upon the wax seal, a soaring hawk.

Odette walked over to the window and opened the envelope. How shocked she was by the sight of money inside. The handwriting letter was scribbled in haste, as it was not the Counts usual neat, swirling script.

   “Alma accidentally knocked over your bag and damaged something of yours. Please accept this money for the damaged puppy dog, and my apologise on behalf of my daughters mistake.”

   Only then did Odette recall the absence of the crystal ornament she had packed, but was curiously absent from the belongings. What was more curious was Xanders’ behaviour and seeming willingness to turn a blind eye to the course of curious events.

   The large sum of money in the envelope was far more than what the crystal trinket was worth. Sure, she had cherished it, but it was still acquired from a cheap street vendor. The Count must have known that it wasn’t worth the amount he put in the envelope.

   As she burst out from the darkening alley, the post scrip made a little more sense to her. 

“I am always ready and willing to help you in any way that I can.”

When the pawnbroker coughed, Odette discreetly stashed the letter and neatly placed the money in her handbag. With tears welling in her eyes and a tight throat suppressing her emotions, Odette returned to the pawn counter. Unfortunately after quite tough negotiations, she couldn't secure the exact price she aimed for, but it was still acceptable.

After giving up all of her belongings, Odette left the pawnshop. The back alley, dimly lit and enshrouded in darkness, gradually came alive with the glow of entertainment lights. Her gaze turned to the brightly illuminated gambling den across the way, and a trace of disgust could be seen in her face.

She despised herself for investing her time in the pathetic charade of awaiting this moment. She tarnished everything through her own actions, yet incessantly preached about responsibilities and obligations. She believed her ultimate redemption had arrived, only to now recognize it as nothing but feeble self-satisfaction. Unaware that her illicit desires would drive her to commit even graver wrongs, she hadn't anticipated that abandoning everything and escaping would have prevented this tragedy.

   The guilt in her faded and she found herself standing in front of a small infirmary in a narrow, dark alley. Despite its inconspicuous appearance and lack of signs, the competence of its physicians could be relied upon. It had been making money, in that exact same spot, for generations.

  Hesitantly, with Maximin’s voice in her head, she stepped forward and the door swung open. From within, a woman with swollen eyes came out, being supported by a friend.

"You're going to experience a great deal of pain. If you come alone, you'll end up crawling back home because walking won't be an option," warned the woman who was assisting her friend. Meanwhile, the friend being supported could only cry out and scream in pain.

 “Hey there,” a harsh voice called out to Odette.

   Startled by the sudden greeting, Odette turned to see a man behind the door, gesturing to her. There was dried blood on his apron. It seemed to be a trace left by the woman from earlier.

Odette had to suppress the urge to flee, subconsciously massaging her lower abdomen and stepped toward the shabby building.

  He looked at her thoughtfully, "No trauma. Do you understand what that means?” the man said discreetly.

   Odette nodded, her thoughts distant. She handed the man the envelope containing the money from Xanders and the pawnshop, taking a more confident step into the infirmary.


Chapter 120.
Wandering.


Of all the places, why did it have to be that room?

   Odette looked about, her expression vacant. The furniture, decorations and even the view out the window of Schulter River and the Carlsbar cityscape was the same as two years ago. Even watching the back of Bastian walking ahead of her was the same. It was as if she had gone back to that autumn time, two years ago and she couldn’t shake it from her mind.

   “Are you comfortable?” the Steward asked. He was a little too excited to have such a distinguished guest.

   “No, everything is fine,” Odette said quickly, trying her best to smile. Bastian stood by the window of the suite’s drawing room, watching her.

   “It feels splendid to visit this place again, and to be welcomed. Everything is as splendid as it ever was,” Odette said with skilful grace.

   As the steward withdrew from the room, the staff who had been waiting also turned to leave. In the sudden tranquillity, Odette took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. Bastian was still standing there, unchanged, watching her. His expression was hard to read but persistent.

   Odette opened her mouth to say something, but no words came out, so she turned away from him. She put down Margrethe, who she had been holding, and tidied away her hat and coat.

   “The Duchess Norma has invited you to have lunch with her,” Bastian said, finally breaking the awkward silence just as Odette began unpacking her luggage.

   Bastian had fulfilled his promise to attend Tira’s wedding, but his true purpose for coming to Carlsbar was to prevent influential businessmen from the north interfering with his work. From the second the wedding started on Friday, their schedule was none stop for three days. That Saturday was the hunting party with Duke Herhardt, Bastian would be away all day and that was the opportunity Odette didn’t want to miss.

   “I thought the hunting party was on Saturday, has it changed to a luncheon?” Odette said, smoothing out the wrinkles of her dress.

   “Nothing has changed, its just some gathering the Duchess has arranged.”

   “But I already have prior engagements.”

   “I would like to believe that its not about seeing off your half-sister,” Bastian said, pulling out an envelope from his jacket pocket and handing it to Odette. It was the invitation.

   Although a sense of dread fell upon Odette, she accepted the invitation with resignation. There was still two days left, she could find another solution, but for the moment it was important not to arouse suspicion.

   “Your carriage is waiting, my lord,” a servant said as Odette stared at the invitation, her heart thudding in her ears.

   Odette let out a sigh and looked up at Bastian, who had been quietly watching her. He planted a kiss on her cheek and left. Margrethe, who had been hiding behind a chair, only approached Odette once Bastian left the room and closed the door behind him.

   “Its alright, Meg,” Odette said, taking the murmuring dog into her arms and walked over to the window. Margrethe's petite form emitted a comforting warmth, gradually dispelling the cold that had wrapped around her heart. 

   Odette leaned on the window sill, watching Bastian's departing car from the hotel's front  until another knock on the door brought the news she had been waiting for. “Ma’am, the Becker couple have arrived.”



Tira shed tears of joy just as much as tears of sadness for her sister. Nick Becker thoughtfully gave the pair some space, stepping aside and prepared for their imminent parting. Tira continued to laugh and cry and laugh again all afternoon and not allowing her emotions to settle until well into the afternoon.

   “I still can’t believe I will be getting married here, in such a splendid place, receiving blessings from my sister,” Tira said, her face full of emotions. She never imagined that they would be able to spend a night in the finest Carlsbar hotel just before the wedding ceremony. It was all thanks to Bastian. “To think, I hated Major Klauswitz so much, thinking that he had gotten involved with another woman while he was away, but after this, you can really see that he loves you very much.” Tira beamed at Odette.

   Odette held out a box she had been holding under the table. As Tira took it, she burst into tears again. Inside the box were handmade baby clothes; a onesie, vests, socks and a hat.

   “Oh sister, you really don’t have to go through all this trouble just for me.”

   “You’re my sister, if not you, then who?” Odette said, wiping away Tira's tears and tidying her disheveled hair and blouse collar. “Don’t cry, You’re a mother now, Tira, you need to be strong.” Tira responded with a hug.

   “You were always like a mother to me, sister, thank you so much. I will do my absolute best to be as good a mother as you were.”

   In the stillness of their hug, Odette’s eyes lost their focus. The word "mother," the rounded shape of Tira's belly, and the memory of carefully selecting clothes for her niece all stirred up an indescribable sadness and pain. She recalled the dreadful memory of the hospital. Of the dreary waiting room, the ill lit operating room and the shine of surgical instruments.

   Tira was the first to pull out of the hug, forcing Odette to bring her mind back to the present. “If I have a girl, I want to name her after you. I have a very strong feeling its going to be a girl and Nick thinks so to.” Tira looked at Odette with a broad grin.

   Unable to find her voice, Odette simply stared at Tira’s swollen belly and forced a smile.

   “Would you like to touch it? If you’re lucky, you might be able to feel the baby moving around.” Without waiting for an answer, Tira grabbed Odette’s hand and placed it on her belly. “Ah, there, did you feel it? She moved. She must know you’re her aunt.” As Tira laughed, the movement became more pronounced.

   As Odette felt the baby move,  as if it were dancing inside her mother's belly. It was strange and lovely at the same time.

"Sister, can we name the baby Charlotte? Would that be okay?" asked Tira.

Odette felt her self getting lost in her thoughts again, but a sharp knock at the door forced reality to prevail. Nick opened the door to reveal Tira’s old school friend.

   Seizing her opportunity, Odette excused herself from the Becker's suite and went down to the lobby. She walked aimlessly until she realised she was outside the hotel. Breathing deep into the cool, early evening air, Odette slowly started to feel herself again and continued walking along the river.



“I am truly sorry, my lord,” the maid stammered as she bowed her head in embarrassment. She was Odette’s maid, but had no clue as to where Odette had gone. The last she had heard, Odette was with her sister.

   “I will go and look for her,” Hans said, stepping forward.

   “No, let her be,” Bastian said as he removed his coat. Hans was taken aback and almost missed his cue to take his masters coat. “She’ll be back soon enough,” Bastian said with confidence, settling into a chair in front of the fireplace.

   Having heard that Odette was not with her sister, Bastian quickly checked on the location of Tira and Nick, who were surprisingly enjoying a rather fancy dinner in the hotel’s restaurant. Their conversation with Odette was the last anyone had seen her.

   “Would you like me to delay dinner until the Lady’s return?” Hans asked. Bastian nodded.

   As Bastian lit a cigarette, Margrethe made her presence known. Sneaking out of the bedroom, a growl in her throat and came right up behind Bastian’s chair. She was baring her teeth, but her tail remained tucked between her legs. Though she had grown considerably from a handful, she was still a small dog.

   Bastian watched the stupid dog with tired eyes. The dog constantly rolled her eyes to look around the room and continued to growl at nothing in-particular. Eventually, she got tired of it and lay on the carpet, her head resting on her front paws.

   Turning away from the dogs curious behaviour, Bastian turned his attention back to the fire and lit his cigarette. Once lit, he turned to look out of the window, where the night sky glittered with a myriad of stars, which quickly resolved themselves to be the sparkling lights of the childish fair ground ride Odette seemed so fascinated by.

Chapter 121.
Lonely Island.



The amusement park was teaming with life, bustling with unnumbered weekend visitors. Odette swam amongst them with a vacant expression on her face. She realised where she was when a flashing lights and excited noises broke through to her distant mind. How ironic that she would find herself here of all places.

   She thought it was strange that she would end up here, wondering the darkened streets without any true destination in mind. It didn’t really matter where she ended up, especially now that she had lost her sense of direction, though it felt like that never really existed in the first place.

   She became intoxicated by the music being played by street performers, the laugher of the crowds and the enthusiastic cries of those enjoying the rides. Hawkers called out their wears, toffee apples, popcorn, roasted hazelnuts. Odette found herself joining a cue for cotton candy, Fairy Thread, the sign read.

   The sign was the exact same as it had been two years ago, just as bright, just as clean, right where Bastian had stood in line to buy her Cotton Candy.

   She realised she was following the path they had taken together, toward the electric palace, with its multitude of colourful lights, the music that flowed out endlessly. Memories she hadn’t realised were there flooded to her.

   Fragments of the shattered past pieced themselves together in her mind and Odette couldn’t tear herself away from it. Remembering the Cotton Candy she had never tasted because she had dropped it, forced an incredible hunger inside her.

   “Would you like one?” the vendor asked impatiently.

   She had been too lost in her mind to notice that she was now at the front of the cue. She made to grab her handbag, but it was not on her shoulder, she had left it back at the hotel and she was out on the streets penniless. She didn’t have a single penny on her person. She had left the hotel without so much as putting on her coat.

   “Oh, no, its okay,” Odette said, offering an awkward smile.

   Odette hurried away from the stall, hoping to outrun her embarrassment. She pulled her shawl tight around her, feeling the bite of the cold. She thought about going back, her condition was not good enough to withstand the biting cold of early autumn. She also couldn’t afford to risk her health, otherwise her plans could go up in smoke.

   “Excuse me, madam, but do you need help?” a young couple on their way to the Ferris Wheel stopped to talk to her. The child in the fathers arms looked a lot like Alma.

   Odette opened her mouth to respond, but her voice failed her. All she managed was a squeak, a weak smile and a shake of her head. The young couple looked at her with concern as she went over and sat on a bench. She needed to head back now, but doubted she had the strength to make it.

   She decided that taking a short break was all she needed. A vendor across from where she sat was selling hot drinks. Was that the same vendor who had sold Bastian hot chocolate that time?

   A bittersweet laugh escaped her lips as her mouth began to water at the thought of the thick, smooth, chocolatey drink. She couldn’t work out why all her memories were that of food, she wanted to avoid being haunted by her cravings.

   Could it be the baby?

   She had not eaten properly in a long time, the child inside her must be in the same condition. It was suffering in hunger just as much as she was.

   Odette lifted her gaze to the Ferris Wheel, trying to distract her mind from food. She could see the young couple joining the cue, the child eager to get on board and reach the very top. Watching with a sense of detachment, Odette clasped her hands to her stomach. It might not be enough to stave off the cold, but it could be enough to provide a little warmth.

   Odette looked around at the illuminated false world with eyes watering from the bright lights. Her eyes filled with tears that refused to dry and stared out at the beautiful illusion, with the child she had properly acknowledged for the first time.



“Master, would it not be better to go out looking for Mrs Klauswitz?”

   Bastian looked up at the clock, eight o’clock, he had already delayed dinner twice. He closed the paper he had been reading. He couldn’t afford to remain idle any longer.

   “There’s no need to cause any unnecessary commotion.”

   “But madam is still…”

   “I will take care of finding my wife,” Bastian said, cutting of Hans. He calmly stood up from his armchair, tossing the paper onto the side table. Hans hurried to fetch Bastian’s coat.

   Bastian snatched up the coat as he left the room. The Becker couple were still in the hotel, gathering their friends for a pre-wedding party, revelling in the joy of their union. Seeing Tira’s face, which was aglow of happiness, made Odette even more ridiculous. Could he even say that it's unrequited love?  She gave her all to her little sister, yet the treatment she received remained nothing but indifference.

   Bastian strode across the lobby with certainty and out into the cold night. Tira wouldn’t have been any help any way, so Bastian left her to enjoy the party without her sister. He would let Odette continue to experience that unrequited love. 

Bastian followed the river toward the amusement park, the Ferris Wheel his guide. She was bound to be in that place. He had no real evidence to base this thought, only that Odette was a predictable woman and it didn’t take long for his hunch to be confirmed correct.

   From the other side of the road leading to the amusement park they had visited together once, he could see Odette approaching him, walking away from the amusement park. It couldn’t see her face from the distance and the gloom of the night, but he could tell it was her.

   She was dressed in attire not suitable for the cold night, like her determination would be enough to keep her bones warm. It was hard to consider anyone could be warm enough with just a simple shawl draped on their shoulders.

   Bastian was about to call out to her, but then had a change of heart and simply stood under the gas lamp to wait for her. Although each step seemed tired and drawn, Odette was still stood upright, like she was on parade. She walked with stubborn determination. She was practically right next to Bastian before she even noticed another person standing in front of her, let alone who that person was.

   “Bastian?” she squeaked in surprise.

   She clutched her hands to her chest and looked at him with wide, wet eyes. When ever she blinked, she shadow of her eyelashes made her look ever more desolate.

   Trading her life, betraying the deal and then returning right back where it all started. Odette could not escape her fate and served only to deepen Bastian’s luck, which had yet to be kind.

   Letting out a sigh, Bastian wrapped his coat around Odette, who was visibly shivering. Odette looked like she was about to refuse he offer, but was too weak to say or do anything but let him drape it over her shoulders. He expected her to lose consciousness at any second.

   She staggered and Bastian caught her. With the woman in his arms, he made his way back to the hotel. Although it would have been much quicker to go through the main entrance, Bastian decided to take her round the back to a side entrance instead, so that Tira wouldn’t know about her elder sisters misfortune, not that he thought she would care.

   The Emperor had abandoned an over used chess piece.

   The Father drew his last breath.

   And the Sister would leave in search of her own happiness.

   Odette was now a lonely island, there was nothing left.

   And he was her one and only saviour and judge.

   Bastian smiled with satisfaction.

Chapter 122.
Last Homework.



Bastian had kept his promise. It hadn’t been until the Becker couple had announced their marriage did the reality of the situation really sank in, though he applauded like everyone else, it was merely an act.

   The ceremony ended with the newly weds kissing and sealing their vows.

   Odette offered a sincere applause and wished the couple all the best for the future. It was a moment where all past efforts were finally rewarded and Odette knew that all her efforts had not turned to ash. This marriage had a meaningful ending.

   Odette did her best to believe that this was best. She did not want to entertain the reoccurring doubts that occasional crept into her mind. This seemed right and fitting.

   “Surprising, isn’t it?” Bastian said in a low whisper. “Its your sisters wedding, the last member of your family, and you can’t bring yourself to shed a single tear.”

   Odette glared at him, while Bastian maintained a mocking glint in his eyes. Those sharp blue eyes brought back memories of last night, which caused her to flush.

   The warmth of the coat he put around her shattered defences and the way he held her, she wished everything would break apart and disappear. Her memories of getting back to the hotel were fragmented. Odd images of maids being ushered out of the room. Frigid fingers peeling off her clothes, something like a strong embrace that held her freezing body. 

Although she knew she should push Bastian away, she could not find the strength to do so. She didn’t want to face a man she couldn’t push away and the whole night she wished not to be comforted.

However, ath the end, Odette surrendered as though she had accepted her fate. Their bond had grown so deep that it reached the realm of intimacy, erasing any remaining distance that had once separated them. She wished for the night to quickly pass, before losing consciousness. 

As the night drew to a close and dawn neared,  she woke up from her deep sleep in Bastian's embrace, his arms wrapped around her tightly.

Confusion filled her gaze as she stared at the man before her-Bastian still lost in his slumber. Despite their tight embrace, nothing happened.

Why? This peculiar situation left her utterly surprised. An answer eluded her grasp. While grappling with these enigmatic questions, the soft morning light gradually filtered through the curtains, casting its gentle glow.

Until the first light of dawn gradually unveiled the veil of night, Odette stared at Bastian's face as he slept. She tenderly brushed his strands of hair that fell to his forehead. The soft texture she felt beneath her touch reassured her that it wasn’t a dream.

Odette mustered her remaining strength to push Bastian's encircling arms from around her waist, and part their entwined legs. After freeing herself from his embrace, she  sat on the bed’s edge, waiting her dizziness to recede.

When she rose to her feet, Bastian woke up and looked at her with clear and cool eyes, unlike someone who had just woken up. His eyes leisurely traced her bare shoulders and chest. A delicate blush tinted her cheeks and in a quick reaction, she grasped the sheet to cover her unclothed body.

Odette averted her eyes in embarrassment when Bastian rose from the bed, revealing his entirely naked form without a single thread in the unforgiving sunlight.

Unlike Odette who looked confuse, Bastian was calm. He leisurely sipped water from a glass on the bedside table before wearing his nightgown, his platinum hair gently brushed aside and he made his way towards the bathroom.

When she heard the shower Odette heaved a sigh of relief. Yet, her heart continued to race and her cheeks remained flushed.

A twisted thought crossed her mind: maybe it would be better to let his greed run wild. It seemed nothing more than a familiar stroke of misfortune, one she had grown used to. She felt embarrassed as she realized she wasn't accustomed to being allowed rest and given such peaceful moments, and she despised that foreign feeling.

"You seem relieved." after watching Odette for a long time, Bastian asked.

Odette woke up from her reverie and immediately looked away without answering. She thought, it would be better if Bastian misunderstood that her bond with Tira was not as close as he believed.

   “Sister,” Tira called out, breaking their uncomfortable conversation.

   Odette embraced her sister as if she had not seen her in years, as if it were just the two of them in the whole world. Odette remained confident that her love for this child was unchanged, even though they had been relegated to this pitiful end, Odette did not regret her decision. Tira’s happiness was enough of a reward.

   But why was she still full of regret?

   Just like everything else, Odette avoided that question as best she could and wiped away Tira’s tears. She could feel Bastian’s gaze on her, but she resisted the urge to look back at him. By tomorrow everything would be over and that would be enough. That was how it had to be.



Odette bid farewell to her sister out the front of the hotel. Once again, thanks to Bastian arranging everything, she was able to say one last heartfelt goodbye to Tira.

   “You need to be happy, that’s all that matters, okay?” Odette said, swallowing sobs. Tira nodded emphatically, unable to say anything.

   “I, er, sorry, but we really need to get going,” Nick said, gingerly interrupting the two hugging sisters.

   Odette looked around with red eyes. The group that had accompanied Tira’s weddings were also leaving and were prepared to leave with the Becker’s, who were set to leave on a passenger ship the next morning.

   “Goodbye, Tira,” Odette said one last time.

   Tira now had her own world to think about, and in that world, there would be no place for Odette just yet. Accepting this was hard, but Odette calmly bid them farewell, leaving many unsaid words to remain buried deep in her heart. She didn’t want to sully this moment with bad memories and disturbed thoughts.

   “I love you,” Tira called back to Odette.

   “I love you too, sister,” Odette said in return, emotion lingering on the words. Tira didn’t seem to notice it, she held her husbands hand and stepped off into the new world with their child. Their car departed just as soon as the door was closed.

   Odette no longer held onto futile regrets as she turned around. She knew that Tira was waving her hand out of the window, but Odette didn’t look back. She passed through the lobby of the hotel, took the elevator and walked the long corridor back to her room, always looking ahead.

   Now was the time to be thinking about what came next. There was no room for thinking about the past.



I will be on the train to Felia this time tomorrow. Odette thought to herself as she paced around the sitting room, organising the plan in her head.

   She was going to visit the Herhardt’s with Bastian first and then find the opportune time to head into the city. Since the men were going to stay at the hunting grounds until late, it wasn’t going to be too difficult.

   She was going to return to the hotel, pack her belongings, collect Margrethe and head to the station. There should be a clear two hours before the train left for Felia. There would be a total of four departures, just in case.

   She was planning to catch the 4pm train, but if that failed, there were other options. Not being able to see Tira set sail was regrettable, but necessary if she wanted to get out of the city as fast as possible.

   Odette already had some of her stuff packed, to reduce the time it would take to gather her things together. She double checked her bags, her money and checked her pocket watch, which she had brought along to help her keep time. It was almost five o’clock now. The maid would be along to check on dinner plans.

   Odette sat on the bed, waiting for Molly and as if on cue, she knocked on the door. “The master will return later this evening, so I have been instructed to only bring the mistresses dinner tonight. Is that okay?”

   “Sit down, Molly, I have something I need to discuss with you.” Odette gestured to the chair opposite her.

   Molly laughed as if they were playing a game. She didn’t show any signs of shock or surprise as she locked the rooms door securely before sitting down.

   “Have you sorted out your thoughts now?” Molly said. “Theodora Klauswitz wants to get rid of you, they say. According to my aunt, it's because you’ve caught the eye of young master Franz.”

   Though Odette knew this was nonsense, she nodded in agreement, offering vague understanding. Inter-family conflicts among the wealthy was of no concern to her, regardless of how they turned out.

   What was important to Molly was that once this was over, she needed not work the tiresome role of maid any longer. With Odette gone, she would be justly rewarded for her part and she could use that money to buy herself a nice house and live comfortably. Given all that she had done for Theodora, the reward would be extensive.

   “Make sure to leave tomorrow, Molly, it doesn’t matter where, but it would be best to be as far away from here as possible,” Odette said sternly.

   Molly frowned at Odette quizzically. “What are you talking about?”

   “By tomorrow, Bastian will know who you really are, why you’re here and who sent you. He will know everything you have done so far. He will not let you off easily.” Odette fixed Molly with a calm stare.

   Molly nervously fiddled with her apron. “Could it be that this time you plan to plead with your husband? Secure a position at his side by gaining his trust?”

   “Don’t misunderstand me, Molly, you don’t play such an important role that I could tolerate you any longer, I’ve grown tired of your sneaking about, so disappear. I will consider looking the other way as you do so, in return for all the favours you have done for me.”

    Molly rose to her feet in shock. “Do you think Major Klauswitz is going to let you continue to play the part of hostess once you give birth to a child? Even in your wildest dreams, you can’t really be that stupid.”

   “Sit down, Molly,” Odette ordered.

   Molly snorted and grinned menacingly. “Do you really still want to play the role of aristocrat? The entire empire knows that you are a beggar princess…”

   Before Molly could finish her sentence, pain exploded across her face and her ears rang.

Chapter 123.


Everything is in vain.




Molly staggered back in shock, bringing a hand up to hold her cheek where Odette had slapped her. She could barely comprehend what had happened.

   “Who do you think you are, hitting me?” Molly said, her eyes going wide.

   “I suggest you leave at the first chance you get and don’t even think about going to Bastian,” Odette said flatly.

   “How amusing,” Molly smirked, “now you decide to play the good wife, even after you stabbed your husband in the back. You’re a wicked woman.”

   Odette didn’t hesitate in slapping Molly again, a quick, sharp movement. She remained a cool look as she did so, forcing Molly to swallow her pride.

   “I will tell Bastian, if you refuse even my slightest favour,” Odette said.

   “Do you really think you will be alright after that?”

   “I’ve already exposed all my weaknesses, I have nothing left to loose.”

   “I don’t think it will matter much, if I tell your husband about your fraternising with Franz Klauswitz.”

   “That would be a sure way to turn your real master into an enemy, do you think you will be able to handle that?” Odette’s tone was merciless as she pushed a box across the table at Molly. Hesitantly, Molly took it and inside was a silver candle stick and wine cup.

   “What’s this?”

   “Tomorrow, rumours will start circulating that you are a petty thief. Its common enough that no one will doubt it, and it will provide a good cover for your disappearance.”

   “What about my compensation? Do you really think I will just go along with this?”

   “Your gift? Whatever you feel like you deserve, you will never see it. You broke your promise to me and Theodora has abandoned you, what gift would such a person deserve?”

   “Don’t talk nonsense.”

   “When Bastian found out and punished me, did you really think the sparks were not going to fly your way?” Odette said, an eyebrow raised high on her brow questioningly. “If I had ever thought you were a threat, I would have told Bastian much sooner, to avoid any unnecessary trouble, but I didn’t. The only reason you have been safe so far was purely because of my leniency. If not for that, you would have been condemned long ago.”

   “That’s…”

   Molly mumbled, her mouth flapping with nonsensical noises as she tried to find some way to bring things back to her advantage. Odette took a step closer.

   “Since I had yet to fulfil my objective, I needed to keep you under surveillance, I needed to keep you close so I could keep an eye on you. Sending you out as a spy would be difficult, given the situation, so I had extended your usefulness, make it seem like you were still an important asset to Theodora. As soon as the opportunity arose to dispose of you, I would and now is that time.”

   Molly couldn’t argue against the indignation, she had been sufficiently cornered by a woman she thought of as being of no consequence or ability. She was in fact a crazy woman.

   Over the past two years, Molly would never have guessed that Odette was concealing such shrewdness. All this time she thought she was a pitiful woman, how had she managed to conceal her true nature all this time? The cold duality of Odette sent shivers down Molly’s spine.

   “That’s all you’ve ever been, Molly, a disposable pawn, with no other benefit than to be able to keep tabs on Theodora Klauswitz.”

   Molly had a sudden thought. “Its strange, how would someone who seems to know everything end up in such a precarious situation?”

   “There is no greater lesson than the ones we have to live through. This precarious situation has taught me well.”

   With a tired smile, Odette turned from Molly and went to the window. The western sky was gradually turning red and the final night was soon to arrive.

   “No, I don’t think so, this flimsy threat will not work on me, I will not succumb to weak blackmail,” Molly said nervously, chewing her lip. Even in that moment, she thought about getting out while she still could. Odette nodded.

   “If you would like to test me, go ahead.”

   “Will driving me away really change anything? You’re finished either way, you’ll be discarded by both sides.”

   Despite Molly’s bitter curse, Odette remained composed. She already knew that she had no one to turn to, it was no big surprise to her. All of this pitiful begging was overwhelmingly hollow.

   “If you are still here when I return tomorrow at noon, I will respect your decision and act accordingly.”

   The conversation was ended when a knock came from the door, another maid came in with the evening meal. After that, things went as predicted. In an instant, Molly retained the impression of being a humble maid. Odette sat at the evening table and watched Molly go about getting everything ready for dinner, though nothing appealed to Odette at the time.

   “If you need anything else, please don’t hesitate to ask,” the maid said when she had finished setting out the evening meal.

   Odette forced a smile as she tried to calm her rumbling tummy, while trying to ignore the sweet smells that enticed her appetite. Molly followed the other maid out of the room, her nervous eyes shifting to Odette.

   Unable to rouse her appetite, even in the face of such a wonderful feast, Odette gazed out of the window at the deepening night. The city lights sparkled, the lights of the Ferris Wheel triggered an intense craving for cotton candy. The desire to indulge in childish snacks was alien to her, yet the longing remained.

   Odette had to confront the truth of her situation. Despite protecting Tira, the reason for choosing this hell, her heart remained empty. A deep void that could not be filled.

   Despite her efforts to try and pull any sort of meaning left in this marriage, ultimately it was as empty as her heart. In the depths of the pit of despair, where nothing could be undone, she had been stained forever in regrets.

   Odette looked like a resigned warrior as she stood from the table, but she couldn’t take a single step, she had no where to go, so she sat back down. She wrapped her arms around herself, hugging her waist and the baby. Her eyes going wide as she realised the truth.

   The food in front of her had gone cold, but as the last mote of sunlight faded away to nothing, Odette forced herself to eat. She might not have any desire to eat, but for the sake of the baby, she needed to consume something.



As Bastian entered the suite and threw his keys onto the counter, Margrethe came bounding out and barking. She stopped in front of the door, yapping at nothing. Her hair was plastered all over the place, like she had just woken from a nap. Bastian laughed, it seemed that the lady Odette had been trying to train was fruitless.

   “Hush,” Bastian hissed, trying his best to settle the dog. It was well past midnight and Odette would be asleep.

   After giving Margrethe a scratch behind the ears, Bastian went into the bedroom. The dog followed him, hovering around his feet as he walked slowly across the hall.

   Bastian had just returned from visiting an Admiral who had been one of his mentors in the academy. The most notable thing about this Admiral was that he could contest Admiral Demel when it came to putting away the drink. Even in his grey haired, wrinkled state, he could still drink far better than Bastian, who wasn’t particularly susceptible to alcohol.

   Bastian stank of alcohol as he stripped off and collapsed on the bed. Margrethe, seeing that there would be no more attention, went and curled up on the armchair by the fire.

Odette was sound asleep, her body curled up like a child's on the wide bed. Looking at her motionless back, he couldn't help but smile sadly as he felt that the previous night, when she had snuggled into his arms for warmth as they fell asleep, now seemed like a distant memory.

It felt like she was always like this. Money, stolen confidential documents or his body heat, she always needed something from him, always trying to take from him.

   Bastian closed his eyes and did his best to ignore the room spinning, concentrating instead on the stable form of Odette’s weak body. The woman that he could have completely possessed and only now did he fully have this woman. The woman he would protect, but not from himself.

   He had never intended to interfere for Tira, her wedding or her emigration. If anything, he would have encouraged her to leave had she not decided to do so on her own. He wanted the youngest daughter of Dyssan to be happy, that way, she would forget her older sister, deepening her isolation.

   Everything had gone to plan without him even lifting a finger.

   Without realising it, Bastian succumb to his fatigue and when he opened his eyes again, the room was already bathed in the deep light of dawn. He looked about the empty room and stopped at the woman standing by the window, bathed in the pale light.

It was his wife, Odette.

Chapter 124.
Double-Edged Blade.



Odette had awaken from the lingering remnants of a dream she was familiar with, a dream she had several times, of walking under the bright green branches of trees in the height of summer. She would come across a man she only knew as the man of the summer solstice, standing in the middle of the road. She could not get hurt here, and under the laced shadows of the trees, she held her head high.

   Odette let out a sigh and sat up in the bed. She could sense his presence next to her, but did not want to turn and look at him, she wanted to believe that she was alone.

   She stood up and moved to the sofa, but didn’t take more than a few steps before she froze in place. Out of the window, she could see the familiar lights flashing beyond. Her groggy eyes, still clouded with sleep, could make out the Ferris Wheel and with it, the question that had plagued her constantly for the last two years.

   ‘What if she hadn’t gone to the amusement park with Tira?’

   The argument between Tira and their father would not have been so intense, they would never have agreed to the two year marriage and the name Bastian Klauswitz would have been just that, a name attached to a rather handsome young man that Odette would never have talked to. Like dried petals kept between the pages of a book, it would have been nothing more than distant memories.

   But the past was not on Odette’s side.

   Perhaps if they had been more sincere with each other, things could have been different. Bastian had been quite friendly back then, perhaps she might have had the courage to talk to him about her departure, maybe she wouldn’t have been so afraid of the harsh words of heartbreak.

   And yet, the light was not on her side either.

   Could they have ever been different to what they are now?

   The destination of her thorny thoughts reached an ultimate question that had been lodged deep in her mind for the past two years. She looked back over at Bastian, the lingering glow of the dim light played over him. Somehow, he had woken up and looked right back at her. Their eyes met in the growing light of dawn, encapsulating them.



Bastian was the first to break the awkward silence. “How does it feel to be alone?” he said, the slur in his words and the sleepiness in his eyes gave away how drunk he was.

   Odette did not answer him, choosing to instead turn from him as she went over to the side table under the window, poured out a glass of water and brought it over to him.

   “What’s this for?”

   “You’re drunk,” Odette said plainly.

   “I know,” Bastian said, given Odette a puzzled look. He took the glass of water when it became clear Odette was not going to move until he took it. “Oh, yeah, I owe you some money, don’t I.” He downed the glass of water and clumsily got off the bed.

   Odette watched him stagger across the bedroom to pull his wallet from his coat. She felt her cheeks heat up from embarrassment, but did her best to ignore it. She did not mind being paid for sex, at least she was getting money to help with her travel expenses.

  The silence stretched on as Bastian stared down at the bills in his wallet, as if he had forgotten what he was doing. The chime of the clock roused him from his stupor and he stumbled over to the chair and sat down, he closed his eyes and breathed deeply.  The cold moonlight came through the window,  illuminating his hand holding the money.

   Odette sighed and approached Bastian, who did not rouse until she reached a hand out to take the money. He looked up at her, his eyes struggling to focus.

   “I will accept payment gratefully,” Odette said as she pulled the bills from the wallet.

   This man was supposed to be someone that would never hurt her, sworn to it when they got married, and yet, everything he seemed to do caused her pain. As he looked at her with those clouded blue eyes, she felt a pain in her chest. She had never given him her heart and yet seeing him in this pitiful state hurt.

   “You’re always like this,” Bastian said with a crooked smile.

   Odette gave him a funny look, which only served to make Bastian laugh as he thought Odette was about to cry. He realised that he must look equally funny in his intoxicated state.

   Inside he cursed his choice to marry this woman. He despised the Emperor's hypocrisy, who gave him burdens like he was the empire's hero. He also hated Duke Dyssen, the most incompetent fool, wasting his fortune in back alley gambling dens.

   It had all been in vain. He regained some mote of his sense of self and found he had been marching on the spot, trapped in the remnants of a deceitful love, like a chained dog waiting for its owner.

"Please settle the bill accurately." Shereached out and grabbed the money in Bastian's hand.  


Odette looked at him with what looked to be pity, or disgust. All his efforts to hurt this woman felt like he had the double-edged blade turned the wrong way and the more he tried to wield it, the more of his blood was spilled.

   How much more must I endure until you break?


What am I looking for when you break?

   Clutching the money in his hand, Bastian’s frustrations grew like an inferno, fed by his passion, he could no longer hold back his emotions as he looked at Odette, who did not cry even though she was full of sadness.

  Twisted with agitation, he threw the money into the fireplace and stumbled over to the window and stared out at the blurred lights of the Ferris Wheel. That damned woman loved those twinkling lights. Feeling like he was suffocating, Bastian turned around and burst into laughter.

   Odette was bending over and picking up scattered money in front of the fireplace. Her figure, as she was bent over, reminded him of a graceful swan.

   Bastian could understand why the Princess went into a rage when she saw Odette picking up broken jewellery. Odette was a woman with the knack for humbling her opponents.

Bastian's approaching footsteps could be heard, yet Odette remained unfazed, diligently gathering the scattered money. Suddenly his large hand enveloping her shoulder, she could feel the warmth of the fireplace, enough to make the cold slip from her mind.

   “Better to cry, Odette. Kneel before me and grovel.” He spat the command at her, a hint of dominance in his words.

   “Why?” Odette turned to Bastian, “I already paid my debts the way you wanted me too, right?”

   “Debt?” Bastian questioned.

   Not wanting Bastian to see how she was starting to flush, turned away from Bastian, but Bastian took hold of her chin and turned her back to him, their eyes locked.

   Odette was seized by a surge of overwhelming anger, like a tidal wave crashing onto the coast. She threw the crumpled bills in Bastian’s face and with all her might, she fought him off, but he didn’t back down, not even when her flailing hands slapped him around the face.

   Odette felt the world tilt, strong arms wrapped around her and then the sudden crash into the floor. Odette gasped for breath, finding herself on top of Bastian, who had collapsed onto the floor. It hurt and as she looked at him, her eyes filled with a silent scream 

‘I hope you hurt as much as I do.’

At the very moment she acknowledged her first and last desire for this man, the world flipped once again.

   Bastian gripped her chin and yanked her in for a kiss, his tongues wrapping around hers and took her breath away. She tried to cry out, but was muffled against his mouth. She scratched at him, slapped him, pulled his platinum hair-which resembled a light that could never be reached. 

   His hot breath consumed her cold emptiness. There was no escape.



Bastian was the first to wake up. He quickly realised he had fallen asleep on the floor, a soft warmth pressed against him, it was Odette. They were laid together in front of the fireplace, which had died down to glowing embers.

   Gingerly, Bastian rose, trying his best not to wake Odette and put on his robe. He then very carefully picked up Odette. The woman had been quite robust when they first met, but now it felt like she was wasting away with each passing day.

   After laying her on the bed, Bastian went to the bathroom to get cleaned up. By the time he returned to the bedroom, towel wrapped around his waist, the dawn light took a firm hold of the day, bathing the room in a clear, blue light.

   As he looked down at Odette, he was overcome with a profound sense of emptiness. Even as his love had transformed to resentment, this beautiful woman still remained, like a curse.

   Bastian composed himself and set about getting himself ready for the day. He noticed a fresh bruise formed on his cheek when he looked in the mirror to shave. With shaving cream in hand, he gently touched the wound Odette gave him. Fresh memories came in flashes, of the faded allure of the woman, which brought bittersweet disgust to his mind.

   Once he had gotten himself ready for the hunting party, Bastian made his way downstairs, requesting to use the phone from one of the servants he crossed, who then showed him to the drawing room. Bastian waited with the receiver to his ear for the familiar voice.

   “Hello?” the familiar voice said.

   “This is Bastian, the mission has changed.”

Chapter 125.
The sky, where birds the bird fly.




“Lunch is prepared, madam,” the Duke's butler announced.

   Norma Catharina von Herhardt nodded with a smile. She looked around at her assembly with a cheerful countenance as the quiet hum of conversation came to a gradual end at the announcement of lunch. Odette had barely noticed, still staring absently at the tea cup in her hand.

   “Well then, shall we progress to our seats?” Duchess Norma said, signalling for everyone to make their way to the luncheon table. She was paying an unusual amount of attention to Odette.

   Understanding, Odette gently placed her tea cup on the table and went to escort the Herhardt’s dowager. It was rather unusual for Odette to play this role, normally it would be left to the highest ranking guest. This gesture was an attempt to not alienate the unfamiliar woman.

   The ladies made their way to the dining room, with Norma and Odette leading the way. As they strolled down the lengthy hallways, with majestic tall windows on both sides, they caught sight of the sprawling estate belonging to the esteemed Duke. Its beauty was comparable to a heavenly paradise that unfurled before their eyes. Meanwhile, men gathered in their groups, all donning in the dusty browns of their hunting attire moving towards the forest behind the garden.

   Odette could easily spot Bastian. He was engaged in conversation with Duke Herhardt. His distinctive, upright posture and restrained movements were constant, even on horseback. Odette got flashes of the night before, where they had exploded against each other. It felt like a dream.

   “Mrs Klauswitz can’t seem to take her eyes off her husband,” a teasing voice broke through Odette’s daydream.

   Startled back to reality, Odette turned to face Norma, who’s laughter carried a hint of playfulness.

   “Even after three years of marriage, don’t you think it's about time you woke up from the honeymoon? It's quite fascinating.”

   “They did spend two years apart, they must be deeply affectionate for one another.”

   “This must be the best time in the relationship, what with having no kids and all,” a middle aged woman was prompted to say. A chuckle rippled through the crowd of ladies. Odette lowered her eyes, trying to hide the shy smile.

   “Indeed, and come to think of it, shouldn’t Matthias hurry and get himself a nice wife like Odette, he’s missing out on such happiness,” Elysee von Herhardt lamented, watching her son depart. The conversation seamlessly changed towards the upcoming marriage of Duke Herhardt, slated to take place in the coming year.

   With a sigh, Odette turned her attention back to the sunny corridor they were walking down, pondering her exit plan. A blast from a distant horn drew her attention back outside, to the hunting party, who were now at the edge of the wood. Though the distance made it difficult to make out the faces of the riders, Odette could still easily identify Bastian.

   From their first meeting to the present day, memories raced through Odette across the bleak winter landscape. Their relationship had been a matter of convenience, holding hands in mutual benefit. How quickly they had turned to devouring each other and if it continued any longer, the scars were going to be deep. 

It was time to bring things to an end.

After carefully considering her thoughts, Odette made her way into the dining room. Taking her seat, she indulged in casual conversation with the fellow guests. As the meeting drew to a close, she contemplated the opportune moment to take her leave.

However, just as the full course was served, an unforeseen incident unfolded before her eyes. A whiff of oysters reached her nose, causing her stomach to churn in discomfort.

   “Are you alright, Mrs Klauswitz?” the wife of a Judge said, as she sat next to Odette.

   Odette nodded as she covered her mouth with napkin, doing her best to fight down the nausea creeping through her stomach.

   “Oh, my dear, is something wrong with your health?” Elysee said.

   “I am so very sorry, it's only gastritis,” Odette said, swallowing uneasily.

   “I don’t think so,” Elysee said with a strange smile on her lips. “Maybe it's best for you to lie down in the guest room for a bit. I will send someone to fetch Major Klauswitz for you…”

   “No, Duchess!” Odette said, a little more snappy than she intended. “I do not wish to cause such trouble, especially when it's something so minor. With your permission, I think I will return to the hotel.”

   “Alone, without your husband?” Norma said, she looked puzzled.

   “Please, it's bad enough to have caused a scene here, I do not wish to upset my husband's day also. I would just like to return to the hotel discreetly.” Odette appealed to the ladies' sense of honour. A plea that could not be ignored.



Duke Herhardt was the first to bag a prey, his bullet swiftly ending the life of a deer that was racing through the under-brush.

   “Are you also interested in chasing games now?” Riette von Lindman quipped with a clap. Matthias didn’t respond immediately as he swung the head of the horse around.

   Bastian maintained a respectful distance, listening in more than engaging. The gathering had been arranged by Riette, the Duke’s distant cousin. Matthias himself had no love for hunting and was using the gathering as a means to network his business and work out potential partners. Bastian also had no great interest in hunting but  he had been awaiting an opportunity to converse with the Duke, and now seemed to be the perfect time.

   When Riette had caught a rabbit, the hunting party became more animated, with the beaters leading the dogs down near the river, where there would be a better chance for a duck shot. The calm forest quickly became disturbed with the sounds of bearing hooves and gunshots.

   Bastian had been patient, only aiming for what he knew he could hit and one such target was a white waterfowl. Just as Bastian was about to take the shot, he noticed that Matthias was also aiming at the same target. Bastian yielded the prey, only for the Duke to miss. He wondered if the Duke missed on purpose.

   “Wow, look at that, Duke Herhardt actually missed, what an entertaining day,” Riette remarked, causing the other men to laugh. On the other hand, Matthias just smiled.

Bastian lifted his gaze and watched the birds soaring across the sky. Although it piqued his interest as to why Duke Herhardt, a prodigy when it came to shooting, would choose to miss, he decided it was an unnecessary question.

   Just then, a girl came bounding out of the forest, running toward them from the other side of the road.

   “Wait, why is she here?” Riette said in surprise. As an uninvited guest made her way towards the hunting grounds, all eyes, including those of the servants and other companions, turned towards her.

   Bastian observed that little girl with a suspicious glare. She seemed to be one of the servants of the Herhardt’s family, and despite the beaters trying to coral the girl away, she ignored them and approached Duke Herhardt. Bastian decided that the girl was of no concern to him and turned his attention back to the hunt. Matthias tried to steer the conversation and attention away from the girl, while the beaters handled her.

   “Over in the forested area over there are where the deer usually can be found,” Matthias said and the hunting party started to move off in that direction. The winds began to stir, ushering in a fleeting moment of calmness that made everyone to draw closer together.

Above, the vast expanse of a cloudless, azure sky served as a serene backdrop. Bastian’s gaze turned slowly, until he met Matthias's eyes, creating an unspoken connection between them.

   “Major Klauswitz.”

 Unexpectedly hearing his own name, Bastian quickly redirected his attention towards the person who had called it, fully engaged once again.

   “Yes, your grace?”

   Matthias gestured for Bastian to come over and pay attention to the conversation. The atmosphere shifted as every thought it was their duty to also listen in.

   Bastian stood side by side with Duke Herhardt, at the back of the hunting party, the others seeing that there was nothing they could gleam from eavesdropping, raced off to the woods were the deer were reported to be.

"Ah, of course."  Bastian replied with a polite smile

After that, the conversation, momentarily paused, resumed as Riette kickstarted a light-hearted discussion. Soon, the forest was filled with the lively chatter of the hunting party members.

Bastian found himself alongside Matthias, both of them leisurely riding their horses at the rear of the group as others galloped ahead into the thick of the forest. Seizing the opportunity, Bastian and Matthias continued their prior discussion in the peaceful, unhurried setting.

Chapter 126.
The Hand Holding the Fire.



Odette looked up at the clock, 3:42 is read and she quickened her pace across the square. Even though her breath was heavy and she could taste the metallic tang of fear rising to her lips, she couldn’t stop.

   Leaving the Duke’s residence earlier than planned left her with enough time to get to the station on time. Though she was concerned about being caught eavesdropping, it was irrelevant now, that world was no longer her concern.

   “Its okay Meg, we’ll be okay,” she comforted the whimpering dog as they raced up the steps to Carlsbar Central Station.

   After returning to the hotel in the car leant to her by the Duchess, Odette checked for the girl Molly, who, as expected, had left, hiding the treasure Odette had given her.

   With that last loose end resolved, Odette left the hotel once she left the divorce letter for Bastian. The boat that Tira was on should have set sail long before now and all Odette had to do now was make the train on time.

   Just a little more and she would be free.

   Odette pushed herself a little more, iwas hard trying to carry a puppy and drag her luggage at the same time, but the anxiety of having her freedom so close spurred her on.

   Navigating her way through the throngs of people flowing here and there, Odette practically had to fight her way to the ticket booth. With the ticket bought, it wasn’t until she got to the platform where the train was waiting, that she realised that Bastian owned the very train line she was set to escape on.

   “Watch out!” a man pushing a luggage trolley shouted out as Odette made to board the train.

   Odette jumped out of the way, only to put herself directly in the path of another imminent accident. Pushed by the surging crowd moving around the luggage trolley, Odette lost the grip of her trunk. She tried to catch it, but bumped into someone as she bent over, threatening to send her sprawling to the ground. Fortunately, a man behind her offered her support and prevented her from hitting the concrete ground.

   “Are you alright?” the man said, helping by picking up Odette’s trunk. Despite the large scar on his cheek, the man was very cordial.

   “Yes, thank you, I’m very grateful for your assistance.”

   Odette pulled herself onto the train and slumped into the corner, panting. A shrill whistle blasted across the station and the shunting carriages started to jostle forward.

  Finally, 4 o’clock on the dot.



He saw it neatly placed on the side table under the window.

   Bastian immediately walked across the room and picked up the letter with his name stylised across the front of it. As he stared at his name, the sun setting past the window, darkness descended not only on the land, but in him too.

   He received the news that Odette was not been feeling well from that servant girl charging through the hunt like a lost sheep. There was a hint that Odette might be suffering morning sickness from falling pregnant, though she had claimed it was gastritis.

   Being the polite and honourable family, the Duchess had lent Odette a car with which to take her back to the hotel. She even offered Bastian the use of their family doctor, having him sent to the hotel if needed. Bastian suspected there was more to it than that.

   Odette had ran away.

   Bastian knew it even before he opened the door of the empty suite. The precious dog was missing also. The hotel stewards were unaware that the Lady Odette had returned early or even left with her luggage. The maid Odette had brought was also missing.

   Bastian glared at the envelope in his hands, the swirling script of his name across its front. The darkness in the room deepened as the sun set and his mood became black.

   A knock at the door brought him back to reality. It was an urgent knock and when Bastian opened the door, the steward stood before him, he had gone in search of Odette.

   “I have just gotten back from talking to the staff at Ardenne Mansion, they have not heard from Lady Odette or her maid.”

   “I see,” Bastian murmured dryly. 

   He looked over at the dog bed, his eyes coming into focus. It was strange to have brought that dog all the way out here, a clear sign that something was amiss and had he not been so clouded in his thoughts when it came to Odette, he might have sensed something was off.

   “My Lord, is there anything else?”

   “No, you may withdraw now, I will handle my wife,” Bastian said, pulling a cigarette and lighting it.

   “But, my Lord…”

   “There is no need to worry,” Bastian said confidently, as if there was only one truth to the situation. The steward have a curt bow and left, closing the door behind him.

   Bastian didn’t move from the centre of the entrance hall. Standing as if a royal guard on duty, puffing on his cigarette and staring at his name on the envelope. By the time he lit his third cigarette, the hallway was completely dark.

   He eventually worked up the motivation to move himself to the bedroom, where the dim firelight lit the room in a dull golden glow. He sat on the edge of the bed and tore the envelope open.

   Firstly, I want to express how sorry I am for breaking things up like this.

   Odette’s letter began dryly, like a bank notice. Bastian read through the letter slowly, taking in every word and pausing at the end of each sentence to take a draw on his cigarette.

   I tried to atone for you by fulfilling my remaining responsibilities, but it seems that it was nothing more than cowardly self-deception. My greed for a good end even after everything has already gone wrong has finally brought about the worst end of ruining each other.

 Even now, I think the only way to rectify the mistake is to terminate this contract as soon as possible. Even so, it is not right to run away like this, but please understand that I have made an irresponsible decision because it is the best for all of us.

The maid who came with me was Theodora Klauswitz’s maid’s niece of one of the maids who acts like a spy. Through the child she communicated with them. Since she left, she no longer served as her spy, but I withheld her disposal for fear that if I ousted the maid, she would attach someone else to her. I'm sorry I unintentionally deceived you once again.

I clean up the maid myself and leave. There was no suspicious movement from your father’s family. Both me and her were abandoned victims, so the information may be inaccurate, but at least to the best of my knowledge it was.

Attached are the papers for divorce and a letter apologizing to His Majesty the Emperor for my sins. I promise to humbly accept whatever the official grounds for divorce are. Please handle it in a way that minimizes your losses.

I’m sorry we end up with a different contract than the original one.


I will fulfil my responsibility by living quietly outside of your world.

   Bastian stared at the letter, its elegant handwriting a contrast to the content. As he slowly turned over to the last page, he found a note addressed to the Emperor and divorce papers. From crippling her father, to spying for his family and now the drama of her escape, it was a memorandum of sins written in detail, as if she had gone mad with the guilt of it all and wanted to die at the hands of the Emperor.

   Bastian checked the time. He knew she wouldn’t just obey, but he never thought she would do something this crazy. At least, not so stupid as to disregard the risks.

   Why?

   Bastian walked over to the fireplace, sifting through all the memories he had with her. The action of throwing the letters and the divorce papers felt understated.

   “Family,” Bastian muttered, coming to the one conclusion that made sense to him.

   When it came to family, Odette was very reckless and prone to foolishness. Her father had already died and her half sister left her to start her own family. That left only one possibility, just as he came to the conclusion, there was a rap at the door.

   Making sure the papers in the fireplace had burnt away to ash, he went to answer. When he opened the door, there was a member of staff accompanied by a young boy toting a grubby brown bag. He looked at them quizzically.

   “This child has brought a letter for Major Klauswitz, with strict instructions that it should only be received by you,” the hotel steward said, the boy held out a slip of roughly folded paper.

   Bastian nodded, “okay.” Bastian took out his wallet and handed over a small bill to the boy. His face lit up as he exchanged the piece of folded paper for the bank note.

   Bastian didn’t hear the boy say thank you or the hotel staff bid Bastian a good day. He was transfixed on the letter and as he opened it up, he saw that the name he was waiting for.

It was from Keller, the detective that had been following Odette for the last two years.

Chapter 127.
Fanatic and Devotee.


Keller looked over the incomprehensible order and shook his head. As he let out a frustrated sigh, the waiter looked at him as if he was the cause of Keller’s ire. It had been five days already and he was quite familiar with the waiter.

   “Good Morning,” Keller said in his best Feliain, doing his best to put the waiter at ease. He was not anywhere near fluent in the language, but he knew enough to pass polite conversation.

   The waiter smiled and left after placing his order on the table, a simple sandwich that Keller ate with gusto, looking across from the cafe to the Inn that Odette Klauswitz was staying at.

   He had suspected Bastian was losing it a little, becoming a little too paranoid when he instructed him to keep an eye on his wife, when his wife was rarely ever without Bastian. He was relieved a little when Bastian changed the order to follow the Becker couple, leading up to their wedding and following them across the sea.

   At the last minute, just as Keller was having his luggage loaded onto the emigration ship, he received yet another letter from Bastian, changing the order once again to follow Odette in Carlsbar. Keller’s suspicions the old war hero was losing his mind rekindled, but were dashed once more when he caught on that Odette was making a run for it to Felia.

   It appeared that Bastian had predicted his wife fleeing abroad months ago, but why? Not that it was his business to ask such questions. All he needed to do was watch and report.

   Keller was used to meeting with paranoid husbands and wives, suspecting their partners of cheating, but Keller couldn’t make sense of this assignment, but he paid well and the job was easy enough, Odette wasn’t exactly versed in subterfuge.

   He barely even knew Bastian, though they had met some twenty years ago during Carl Illis’s work. They had barely passed a handful of words after exchanging polite greetings. When Carl Illis passed away, Keller never even saw Bastian again, until two years ago.

   Right before Bastian left for the North Sea, he came by Keller’s detective agency and requested him to keep tabs on his wife. It was work Keller did most frequently, but was surprised that Bastian came to him. Word was that Bastian and Odette were the closest couple in the land and loved each other very much.

The labyrinth of his thoughts grew more intricate as he pondered Bastian's motivations. Throughout his career as a detective he honed skills to read people—however, Bastian Klauswitz's intentions eluded him completely. 

Unlike a simple arrest directive, Bastian only asked him to monitor and trail Odette. He also couldn't understand why Bastian let his wife to endure hardship while on the run.

   Time passed on and there was still no sign of Odette emerging from the Inn. He was two coffees down and needed to move on or risk being found out. Just as he was settling the bill, a woman with a white dog finally emerged from the Inn.

   Odette looked up and down the street cautiously, then hurried off toward the busiest end of the road. She wasn’t carrying any luggage, so no doubt she wasn’t planning on going far, maybe even just out to walk the dog. 

Even if he can't understand it, a mission was a mission. Keller lifted his coat's collar, veiling his scarred visage, and began following her.



“What on earth were you thinking?” Maria Gross, Bastian’s aunt, asked. “And with the amount of trouble the Emperor has on you. You really are the black sheep of the family,” she tutted.

   Bastian calmly put down his tea cup and looked at Maria with a gentle smile. “As I said, Odette is just taking a short break.”

   “I know you, Bastian, you can’t fool me. Such a disappointment.” Maria stared at Bastian, her eyes scolding through him.

  Bastian’s wife had run away and that their perfect little marriage was in shambles. Rumors originating from Carlsbar reached the capital in a matter of three days. As it passed from person to person, from group to group, the rumours became exaggerated and wild. Accusations about Bastian mistreating his wife began to circulate.

Rumors originating from Carlsbar reached the capital in a matter of three days.  He simply watched everything in silence, living his daily life. Those who had regarded Bastian as a problem were pleased to witness his reputation  crumbled.

   “At least tell me the truth, what really happened? What sort of contingencies do you have? What’s your plan to get her back?”

   “I think I have explained myself enough.”

   “Well I don’t think so, I confirmed that there had been no travel plans, and that Odette just up and left to visit Carlsbar with you and return, its something we all knew, so don’t try and change the story now.” Maria was determined to squeeze out the truth from her nephew and showed no signs of ever backing down.

   Bastian let out a frustrated sigh and poured himself out another cup of tea, while he steeped in deep thought. If his aunt was this suspicious, maybe she had an insider, maybe a butler or a maid or even a very talkative chef.

   A smile played over his lips as he thought about who his aunt's spy might be. He knew that attempting to impose any restrictions on his aunt would not work and only serve to deepen her suspicions.

   “It was a spontaneous decision. After her fathers funeral and her sister moving away after the wedding, Odette needed some time to herself, for the sake of her own health. I suggested a trip out to the country and she readily agreed.”

   “If that was really the case, then why has she vanished so suddenly and so silently? Like stowing away in the middle of the night. It would have done with much fanfare, that’s just your way, showing off to the world how much you love her.”

   “That was two years ago, I’ve calmed down significantly since then.”

   Maria’s eyes flickers with sadness. “Well, not to me you haven’t, you haven’t changed at all.”

   It was only because she trusted her nephew so much that she agreed to the marriage in the first place. He was a man that would never let himself get swept up in emotions and make mistakes, but to see him so blinded by foolish love.

   “You need to put an end to this. The period promised by the Emperor has passed and there is no use in keeping that scarecrow hanging around, causing all this unnecessary drama.” Maria issued Bastian a stern command.

   It wasn’t about business any more, as even without the marriage alliance, they were strong enough to stand against Jeff Klauswitz. It was Bastian’s crowning achievement, so there was no reason to keep Odette hanging around. If Maria had thought for a moment that Odette felt for Bastian the same as Bastian felt for Odette, she would have blessed their marriage long ago.

   “You need to arrange for a divorce before the year is out. Odette is responsible for all this scandal, so the Emperor won't have a leg to stand on. If you’re clear on who is responsible, we can suppress baseless rumours.”

   “I will handle it in accordance with what I judge probable. Don’t worry, it won't interfere with my official duties.”

   “For heaven's sake, Bastian, do you think I am pursuing this out of some petty act of revenge?” Maria turned red with anger.

   Bastian shook his head with a smile. “Absolutely not. I understand your concern for me. I’m just saying that you don’t need to worry.” Bastian drew the line in the sand with a polite tone, but his eyes on his aunt were like ice.

At times like this, he's just like his father. 

Maria could see the fanaticism of desire in Bastian, he was half Klauswitz after all and just like Jeff Klauswitz, who went wild with greed at the prospects of marrying the daughter of a successful junk dealer, then became intoxicated with the honour that the daughter of an aristocrat would bring, which only led to the tragedy of today.

The Klauswitz family's desire was short-lived, akin to a brief spark. While it burned intensely for a while, it was not sustainable over time.

Maria didn’t want that fate for Bastian, who was also an Illis. She looked at her nephew with pensive eyes.

   Carl Illis was the antipode of Jeff Klauswitz. He lived his life dedicated to a single purpose. That driven tenacity was what made him so successful as a junk dealer, but that one track mind was also poison and led to the death of his daughter, who had allowed herself to become blinded by love.

   The fanatic and the devotee. Could two qualities in direct opposition to one another exist in one man?

   “Odette would return soon and when she does, I will let her know that you wish to see her.” With a gentle expression on his face, Bastian got up and bid farewell to Maria. The light in his eyes resembled the desire of Klauswitz and the determination of Illis.

   “Bastian,” Maria called out impulsively, making Bastian stop just as he reached the door. “Don’t forget, you still have debts left to pay to your grandfather.”

Maria was aware that her advice would add another shackle to a child who had shouldered responsibility from a young age. At least it's better than ending up like his mother.

Bastian exited the reception room, his nonchalant smile on display and his gait reflecting a military discipline. In the meantime, Maria had a deep wish for Odette not to reappear. This situation, according to her, would be the most beneficial for both parties. Because she thought, it was the best choice for both of them.

Chapter 128.


First Taste of Freedom.



Bastian woke in the blue dawn of a new day. It was the time in the morning when all that was hidden by the night would be revealed in the new light. He didn’t need to check the clock, keeping time was something all soldiers could do well.

   Rubbing his dry, sleep addled face, Bastian roused from the bed. He poured himself a glass of water and mechanically went about his usual morning routine.  As he stood in the cool shower, water streaming over his face, he found himself thinking about Odette. It had become part of his normal routine a long time ago. 

She had fled to Felia.

   Bastian went through the details of the report as he washed his face. He had a premonition that something was amiss when he watched Odette fall asleep the day before she ran away. He never dreamed she would be capable of such deceit, but she was a determined woman, a kindred spirit almost. After suffering yet another defeat, maybe it was time he admitted she was a step above him.

   He initially suspected that she would attempt to run away with her sister. To his surprise, Odette boarded a train to Felia, alone. Almost alone, she had taken that irritating mutt with her and a travel bag. He suspected that she had not gathered as much money as she would have liked, staying at a cheap Inn in the middle of the city.

   He should have brought her back immediately, to save all this commotion, but he had decided to hold off for now. He needed to find a way to bring her back without too much hassle, besides, he had Keller keeping an eye on her, so there was no rush.

   Bastian decided to skip breakfast as he dressed, settling instead for a cup of coffee with a spoon of sugar. His butler would always look at him disapprovingly, but over time, came to accept this decision.

   “Sir, about the membership screening of the Ratz Opera Theatre,” Lovis said, having chosen the right moment to bring it up. “I received a message from Admiral Demel, he has said that it will be difficult to pass.”

   Bastian nodded calmly, while Lovis looked deeply concerned. The Ratz Opera Theatre was infamous for its strict membership intake. To obtain membership, more than half of the board had to approve. This was not Bastian’s first time being refused.

   Bastian thought he had better odds this time, with his connection to Admiral Demel, but it seemed like this was not enough and Bastian couldn’t help wondering if it was because of the whole Odette situation.

   “I do not mean to pry, sir, but would it not be beneficial to bring Madam home as soon as possible and clear up all this mess?” Lovis offered his advice with caution. Bastian did not say anything and only smiled.

   It was all part of the challenge in acquiring all the memberships he could, of all the influential social clubs. He had no real interest in the Opera and without Odette by his side, he doubted he would ever actually intend to visit.

   “Admiral Demel has advised to contact Count Xanders,” said Lovis, just as Bastian was about to leave. “He is the most influential member of the committee. If you were to gain his support, your membership could be a done deal.”

   “I understand, thank you Lovis, I will discuss the situation with the admiral at the admiralty.”

   With the barest nod, Bastian left Lovis behind. Beyond the windows of the hallway, Bastian could see the Ardenne Sea, spread out and glittering in shades of blue and green, creating a delicate turquoise hue.

   Bastian sincerely hoped that Odette was keeping well. This could be an opportunity for her to recover her health. It wouldn’t hurt to let her take this time for herself and ensure the healthy growth of the child she bore.



Overtime, Odette was able to expand her living area as she became more confident that no one was looking for her. At first, she cautiously moved about the Inn, then the area immediately around the inn and now, she happily, but cautiously, ventured to the city centre.

   She stopped by a grocery store to get an apple and then went on to take Margrethe to the park. It had become a favourite place during her exile to Felia. Despite the changing season that withered the flowers and left the trees bare, it was a pleasant, sunny afternoon.

   “No, Meg,” said Odette, pulling the dog in close to her.

   Margrethe was desperate to play with the ducks in the pond, but Odette kept the dog on a short leash. She hadn’t fully recovered her stamina yet and tired out easily, but she was feeling much better since leaving Berg.

   It had taken a while, she shut herself away in her room at the Inn, keeping the curtains closed and the room dark, like the den of a hibernating animal. She slept for long hours, completely forgetting the passage of time and only ventured out of the room to reluctantly get something to eat.

   After three days of being shut away, Odette thought it time to open the curtains again and let in the warm light. After another couple days, Odette finally plucked up the courage to step outside. It helped to have Margrethe with her.

   Taking off her gloves, Odette rubbed her tummy, it helped to have this child with her also. Despite all the hardships, it was proving to be quite resilient. It was yet to make its presence known, but soon enough there would be a bump that would swell like Tira’s belly. By the longest days of summer, she would be cradling it in her arms.

   While thinking about that day, Odette realised she had naturally come to terms with facing a future with a child. Bastian had been right, this child was her family and she couldn’t bear the thought of ever abandoning it. Even when coming to terms with the fact that the child might resemble Bastian the most.

   No matter who the child resembled or how it was conceived, it was still her child, her family. With strengthened resolve, Odette felt determination in the face of raising the child, alone if she must.

   “Hello,” said a man as Odette was planning to move on. “Would you give me the honour of escorting such a beautiful young lady on a walk around the park?”

   “Oh, I would love to, but I am waiting for my husband.”

   Odette lied calmly. The man quickly backed away when Margrethe started to growl and as Odette held the dog back, trying to calm her, the man saw the wedding ring on Odette’s finger.

   “Ah, well, I see, sorry for the intrusion,” the man said quickly and retreated before Odette lost her grip on Margrethe.

   The wedding ring had been completely forgotten about. It was worth more than any of the trinkets Odette sold before, but couldn’t risk selling that for fear of raising Bastian’s suspicions. Now that she was free of him, she should sell it at the first opportunity.

   The news of Major Klauswitz’s marital troubles should be public news by now, with the sudden disappearance of his wife. With any luck, the divorce papers will already have been submitted. If she had the inclination, Odette might be able to find news of what’s happening, but for now, she still needed to be careful.

   Odette put on her gloves and moved off. She had enough money to live off for now, so postponing selling the ring might be a good idea. It would be easier to move around without the piles of money the ring would bring. She would keep it for now and sell it when she needs to.

   She had wanted to walk around the park some more, but the man that had propositioned her was lingering nearby and she didn’t want to get caught out in the lie. He unnerved her a little. She decided that she would walk the streets near the Inn, before returning to her room.

   Once returned, she opened the window to let in some fresh air, shook out the bedding and tidied up a little. Not that there was much mess.

   Once satisfied that things were neat and tidy, Odette shared the apple with Margrethe. It wasn’t a fruit she was particularly fond of, but recently she had a craving for it. Perhaps it was something the child in her belly wanted to try.

   Once the apple was devoured and the juices cleaned from fingers, Odette stretched out on the bed and allowed herself to nap. When she woke again, the sky was already darkening.

   Leaning on the window, to look out at the brilliant orange of the sunset, Odette took in the scenery. The sound of the bells from the cathedral rang out over the city. It was a scene that reminded her of her childhood in Felia.

   After the banishment order came through, her family set up in Felia. Odette was born and grew up here and when she was fourteen, the Emperor changed his permission for their entry into Berg. Felia had always felt like home to her and since this was familiar ground, she felt she could establish strong roots here.

   Raising a child alone was going to be tough, but she felt like she had the resolve to manage everything alone, even the birth. It couldn’t be any harder than when she had to raise her sister and look after a father who was constantly blind drunk.

   Now, in her own world, she could finally live for herself. Looking up at the sky, where the first signs of stars were starting to twinkle, Odette got her first taste of freedom.

Chapter 129.


Shall we continue?



The mood of the party quickly shifted when Bastian Klauswitz made an appearance. Quickly, the news that had been spreading across the city, spread through the guests in the banquet hall. By the time Admiral Demel and his wife had finished greeting all the new arrivals, everyone's attention was turned to Bastian, the Count Maximin Xanders included.

   “I’m surprised he didn’t make an excuse not to come,” some at the party were saying.

   “Well, he’s a shameless man, there’s nothing surprising about it.”

   “Even so, isn’t it a bit much to be showing his face at a party, while rumours of his wife running off spread? I think it strange Marchioness Demel invited him in the first place, the grandson of a junk dealer, what was she thinking?”

   Maximin sighed pensively. It was an uncomfortable conversation to listen to, but it was hard to ignore when it was on everyone’s lips. There was no way to escape it.

   “Did he really abuse his own wife, the Emperor's niece? I thought they were well known for having a loving relationship.”

   “I think it strange he would cherish her like a lover. Bloodline aside, she’s practically a commoner. I feel he married her just to protect himself from Princess Isabelle.”

   “You may be right, it was strange that he would go off for two years without her, and not even so much as come back for a quick visit.”

   “Well, I heard that it was her fault,” one guest said, speaking of Odette. “While her husband was away, she played around a bit, you know? And ended up conceiving a child with another man.”

   Bastian moved around the flood of conversation, feigning ignorance of the gossip which died away before him like the wake of a ship. He conversed with important naval figures, minor nobles and even members of the royal family, as if it was just another party to maintain his network of relations. There was no sign of any concern for his wife.

   Maximin excused himself from the conversation, not able to withstand another second of degenerate speculations, it flowed on without pause. His own feelings on the matter were hard enough to comprehend.

   “Hello, Sir Xanders.” A low tone reached Maximin’s ears as he reached for his drink. He knew instantly who it was.

   “It's been awhile, Major Klauswitz,” said Maximin, as politely as he could manage.

   They stood a short distance apart, a quiet no man’s land between them. Bastian stood as an imposing figure before Maximin, he couldn’t tell if he was doing it on purpose or just his military bearing. There were many well built and sturdy naval officers at the party but Bastian stood out amongst them.

   What if this man really did abuse Odette?

   Maximin hadn’t realised the rumour had taken root in his mind. His mood darkened significantly. Bastian continued on a conversation as if he didn’t notice and skilfully led the conversation through subjects of no importance and recent events. Stock market values, sporting events and something about the weather.

   They spoke as perfect gentlemen to each other. Without any prior information about his lineage, no one would have guessed that Bastian was a commoner. Maximin kept his eye on him, who spoke in a short and consistent manner. He looked rather tired, maybe long nights spent awake, worrying about Odette or he could just be overworked. Without any other tells, Maximin couldn’t distinguish.

   “How is Mrs Klauswitz doing?” Maximin decided to take charge of the conversation.

   Bastian looked away as if he didn’t hear the question, choosing instead to pass a greeting between someone across the hall. Maximin had provoked Bastian and he felt a sense of satisfaction at unbalancing the man, if only briefly.

   In reality, Bastian had been studying Count Xanders, looking for any signs that he had anything to do with Odette’s escape. Satisfied that the Count did in fact have nothing to do with it, he moved on, satisfied that he had successfully confronted Count Maximin von Xanders.

   He had wanted to bring up the topic of membership, but that could wait for the opera house, and even without Count Xanders help, he could acquire it another way.

   “You never answered my question,” said Maximin, stopping Bastian from walking away by placing a hand on his shoulder.

   “I don’t see why I have any obligation to convey my wife’s well being to you,” said Bastian, brushing the hand away, but Maximin didn’t back down.

   “She’s not just your wife, she’s my friend too.”

   “Ah, your friend.”

   “I understand that she is in a very vulnerable spot and not in good health,” said Maximin, probing for an answer.

   “So?”

   “I’m simply saying that it is normal for someone to worry about a friend, who’s out travelling alone and in such poor health,” Maximin said in a scolding tone as if admonishing a child.

   “I know it perfectly well,” Bastian said with a bark of laughter. He looked at the count with an amused smile. “I wonder, are you the father of the child she carries?”

   “Major Klauswitz?” Maximin flushed bright red.

   “I’m kidding.” Bastian shrugged as if it was no big deal. “I lost myself in the moment there, I didn’t mean to be impolite. I promise, there was no ill intent. Please understand.”

   Bastian returned to his imposing, upright posture and offered Count Xanders an apology. Maximin was silent for a moment. It was an admonition disguised as an apology, as if to tell Maximin that he had crossed the line first.

   “Have a pleasant evening Count Xanders.” With that, Bastian offered the smallest bow and walked away.

   Maximin turned and walked out onto the balcony of the banquet hall. Only when he felt the chilly breeze did he take a breath, as if not wanting to inhale the toxic miasma in the hall.

   Bastian’s remarks had been impertinent beyond any measure, yet there was some validity to them. Maximin knew that his interference had crossed a line, and yet despite that, he couldn’t stop himself.

   Why am I behaving so foolishly?

   He could have spent all night trying to untangle that incredibly complicated knot of thought.

   Maximin looked up at the deep, dark sky over the garden. Regrets niggled at his thoughts. Regret that he didn’t get to say goodbye to Odette. Regret that he didn’t do more to help her. He couldn’t help but think that it was his fault.

   Maximin stayed out on the balcony, alone, until his flushed cheeks cooled and he could face going back into the hall, where Bastian had humiliated him.



“Shall we continue?” Noah said in a low whisper.

   Sandrine turned away from the window that looked out over Ratz, bathed in the gloom of night. She looked over the dinning table, at Noah past its lavish centre piece, he wore a smile like a child ready to play a prank.

   “I mean, the exhibition. So, I heard that Mrs Klauswitz has run away, so would it not be pointless to display that painting?” Noah sighed, the smile fading a little.

   Sandrine remained silent, tilting her glass toward her mouth as she stared out at nothing, thinking. Her look was intense, like the night they had snuck into Franz’s studio.

   She desperately wanted to display the painting at the exhibit, telling everyone that she thought it was a crime to keep such a masterpiece out of sight. She told Noah to prepare it for a friend and if all went well, they could arrange for official sponsorship from the House of Laviere. It was far more reliable than a dowry.

   The idea was insane and Noah knew it, but how could he refuse? Franz wouldn’t be able to continue on as a painter, given the strife at his house and if later he got married, and his wife’s family intervened, a young and fragile noble like Franz would not be able to budge.

   Would Franz be able to sponsor young painters any more, should that day come? Noah made up his mind the moment he found the answer to Sandrine’s question, which struck him like a dagger. Rather than risk being abandoned, Noah would turn his back first.

   “What about the next exhibition?” Noah suggested with caution, fearing that Sandrine might be set to change her mind.

   “No, there’s no need,” Sandrine said firmly, putting down her glass.

   If Odette had genuinely ran off on her own accord, then there was no point in trying to humiliate her. If Bastian didn’t cut ties with her now, he was going to suffer a lot of loss. His only course of action was to finally divorce that woman.

   There was no way Bastian wasn’t aware of this fact. He was a cold, calculating man, he knew when to cut ties and which to strengthen. It had been a month already and the shock of him still holding onto Odette was unbearable.

   Bastian refused to let go of Odette and his reputation was taking a pounding for it, he was no longer seen as the brave war hero that nearly lost his life, but the sad husband who had lost his wife.

   Sandrine wanted to ask him why he was holding on so stubbornly, but feared the answer, for then there would be no turning back. It was better to endure in ignorance, than risk collapsing that bridge for good.

   “So, does that mean we are cancelling the plans?” Noah said gloomily.

   Sandrine raised her head and exhaled slowly, smoke billowed up toward the ceiling and she bit down on her cigarette holder.

   She needed to do something that would utterly ruin Odette, destroy any chance of her being able to come back to Bastian. He would inevitably get burned by whatever Sandrine had planned, but it would be worth it to get him all to herself. Anything would be better than being with a fake wife.

   “No, we continue as planned.” Sandrine brushed away the ashes.

    Is it because she still loves Bastian Klauswitz

   Sandrine mulled over this question multiple times without arriving at a conclusion. However, one fact stood out: she refused to accept          her love ending like this.

   That sole reason enough to explain why she couldn't stop.

Chapter 130.


Expensive Face.



Odette moved into her third accommodation, a quiet boarding house in a quiet residential area, run by a very strict landlady.

   After unpacking her small amount of belongings, she sat on the edge of the bed to catch her breath. The room was on the top floor and looked out northwards.

   The fireplace fended off the cold, bitter night. Odette didn’t really care where she was, only that she was in a nice, warm, cosy place. Although she had put in a lot of effort to secure this cosy little spot.

   The landlady was very sceptical when Odette told her that she was a lady from a fallen noble house and she was looking to make a fresh start some where new. The landlady quizzed Odette ceaselessly and wasn’t satisfied until she had gotten Odette to play the piano in front of her, to confirm that Odette was a piano teacher.

   “It’s quite fortunate, isn’t it?” Odette said to Margrethe. She had developed a habit of talking to her dog since being alone.

   Margrethe was sniffing around the room, inspecting every corner of the room, when she came bounding over to Odette, putting her slobbering muzzle onto her lap. Seeing those endearing eyes look up at her made Odette laugh. Any time things seemed bleak, moments like this made her smile.

   It had been a month already, since Odette escaped Bastian and none of the things she feared the most had come to pass. While Odette sought some form of stability, the child in her grew. The passage of the peaceful days made her worries of the past a distant memory.

   Odette stroked Margrethe as she turned her mind to the future. She could winter here, but giving the landladies strictness, she doubted she would be able to stay here with a child and no father. Odette wanted to get a rental house, but in order to do that, she needed a way to make money.

Deep in thought, Odette looked at her fingertips. The landlady seemed to enjoy Odette's piano playing and may be able to help her in finding a part-time teaching job. Initially, she planned to lay low and avoid trouble, but due to dwindling finances, she could no longer remain hidden.

   She would ask at dinner if there were any jobs available. Satisfied with her plans, Odette got up and finished her unpacking.

As winter was nearing its end, Odette ignited the fire to combat the cold. Her financial condition dictated minimal use of firewood, forcing her to only light the fireplace post-sundown. The past two years had been unlike the norm, abuzz with a luxury that was not truly hers. Presently, she has returned to her baseline circumstance— a scenario not unfamiliar to her as, since childhood, she faced winters of scarcity.

   “Sorry for putting you through this, Meg.”

   Odette was over come with guilt as she looked at Margrethe, who had curled herself up in front of the fireplace. For the dogs sake, Odette needed to familiarise herself with the local geography.

   By the time Odette had finished getting herself settled into the room, the bell for dinner rang out. Odette hastily tidied herself up in front of the grimy mirror. Her belly protruded a little and she did her best to try and hide it under the drape of her dress. She had come to notice her body was going through a lot of changes recently. The thought that she will need new clothes was growing louder with each day. She needed to find a job.

Wrapping a large shawl around her changing body, Odette stepped out of the room with steady strides.



“Good work Franz, you did it,” Jeff Klauswitz said, showing affection and pride that he had never shown before.

   Franz stared at his father blankly, unsure of how to react. The report was still on his fathers lap, torn up and almost forgotten as they pulled into Boulevard Preves.

   “So, have I helped in matters?”

   “Ha, you’ve done more than help, son, to say that you’ve only helped would be extremely modest indeed.” Jeff smiled broadly as he patted his son’s shoulder.

   On the surface, it looked like a simple war for the throne of king of the railway, but just under that was a complex hive of companies competing for high stakes. The Klauswitz Railway Company was structured so that where ever the railway company went, a dozen other companies followed. Bastian had mimicked this strategy to the point where it was impossible to tell the difference between the rivals.

   Two years ago, when the railway company had tried to cheat with a diamond and failed, they used a strategy to infiltrate at the base level so that they could shake up the top. This was only possible thanks to the growth of Illis corporation, which rivalled Klauswitz.

   Things were set up so that if the railway company was to collapse, than the shipping and steel industries would collapse too, starting off a chain reaction that would ruin everybody. That way, the company was practically invulnerable to attack.

   Bastian was concentrating on setting up a strong link between Felia and Belov. Using an aggressive strategy that made it seem like he was being reckless, too much confidence was going to create weaknesses.

   These weaknesses Franz exploited expertly, managing to swipe away the deal from Bastian with pinpoint precision. Franz had a clear advantage after sabotaging Bastian’s attempts to secure the funds he needed.  More over, the financial minister of Felia, who were spearheading the contracts, was a close friend to the Count Klein family. No matter how cunning Bastian tried to be, he was going to find it almost impossible to close the gap.

   “This bid might be just the thing you need to kick start your era,” Jeff Klauswitz said, adopting the air of a proper businessman.

   The car stopped in front of Ratz Central Station. The two stepped out of the car and the onlookers recognised Jeff Klauswitz as the King of the Railway.

   In two days time, the victor of this little war would be announced officially and by the time they returned from Felia, no one would dare utter baseless rumours of Bastian Klauswitz dethroning his father.

   “Oh, father,” Franz said, his mood darkening.

   Out from the crowd, a tall military officer strode toward them with determination. A face that could be recognised at a glance. Bastian.



  Bastian broke the silence first. “It’s been awhile, father, how have you been?”

   Jeff Klauswitz stared at his son like he wanted to murder him, but he didn’t raise his voice. He suppressed the anger burning up his insides and greeted Bastian politely. It looked like any formal family reunion.

   “Will you be heading to Felia to personally oversee the bidding? You’re very much more proactive than I thought you would be.”

   “Yes, well, I assume you are doing the same.”

   “Of course, since Felia is an ally of Berg. I anticipate this will only solidify our friendship.”

   “Would it be wise to sell your face so openly?” Jeff was running out of patience, but Bastian smiled care freely and shrugged.

   “It's a face that sells for a pretty high price.”

   “Like you said, you’re quite famous in Felia, I guess rumours of this has already spread that far, but, would it be wise to entrust such an important appointment to a young, inexperienced upstart that can’t even keep control of his own wife?”

   “We will have to wait and see how things unfold.”

   “Yes, we will,” Jeff Klauswitz said, calling Bastian’s bluff.

   Jeff and Franz strode away confident in their victory and looked as if they were royalty inspecting their kingdom.

   No one really noticed the passage of the Klauswitz men, they were all too busy with the hum drum of their own lives. Crowds of people moved about the station like clouds in the sky. Forming currents and eddies of living souls going about their business.

   Bastian moved with the crows toward the platform and although he was going to the same place as his father and brother, he lost sight of them pretty quickly. Things should quiet down a little without those two bothering him.

   Bastian didn’t delay and headed straight for his first class cabin. As soon as he reached the carriage, a team of servants that had been waiting for him sprang into action.

   “There’s no need for ostentation,” Bastian said, “lets just get on with it.”

   Bastian was accompanied by Thomas Muller and together, they poured over every detail of the meeting that was coming at the other end of the train tracks. By the time they were happy with minutes of the meetings, the world outside was dark.

   “We’ve worked hard, lets get some rest before moving on,” Thomas said, stretching.

   Bastian smiled as he watched Thomas work out the aches in his back from leaning over the all too small desk piled high with folders, folios, dossiers and loose bits of paper.

   “That certainly sounds like a good idea,” said Bastian, doing his best to prevent a yawn.

   Thomas switched off the cabin light, leaving the only source coming from a tiny bedside lamp.

   “I’m glad you agree and don’t even think about looking at another official document until the morning, got it?”

   “Yes, of course,” Bastian said, feeling like a child.

   “If I catch you doing more work and not getting the much needed rest, I will be very disappointed in you,” Thomas said. He repeated his threats serval times before finally exiting the cabin.

   Bastian kicked off his shoes and laid out on the bed which was slightly too short for his tall frame.

   He had requested leave from the admiralty to go on this business trip, but not for the reason he gave them.

   Odette was staying at a cheap lodge and was looking for a job. Even after all the jewels he had given her, how comfortable and easy he had made her life, she would prefer to go out and buy firewood when ever she could afford to, according to the latest report from Keller.

   Throwing off his tie, Bastian looked out of the small window, to the moonlight sky that twinkled with a hundred specks of diamonds.

   When he calculated his loss from Odette, he couldn’t help but laugh in the face of such silly behaviour. All the talk of selling face, hers was probably the most expensive.

   That kind of trouble was worth a reputation being dragged through the mud.

----

Continue in part 5!!
